
.TH "GCLOUD_SECRETS_VERSIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud secrets versions describe \- describe metadata about the secret version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud secrets versions describe\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Describe a secret version's metadata. This command does not include the secret
version's secret data.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Version resource \- Numeric secret version to describe or \f5latest\fR to use
the latest version. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [VERSION] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR
The secret of the version.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Describe version '123' of the secret named 'my\-secret':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets versions describe 123 \-\-secret=my\-secret
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets versions describe
.RE

