
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_MEMBERSHIPS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups memberships delete \- delete a membership from an existing group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups memberships delete\fR \fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR \fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a membership from an existing group.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group the new membership is being removed from.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group or user being removed from the group identified
by group\-email.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a memberships from a group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups memberships delete \e
    \-\-group\-email="eng\-discuss@foo.com" \e
    \-\-member\-email="user@foo.com"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups memberships delete
$ gcloud beta identity groups memberships delete
.RE

