
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TPUS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute tpus delete \- deletes a Cloud TPU



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute tpus delete\fR (\fITPU\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Cloud TPU.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tpu resource \- The Cloud TPU you want to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [tpu] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITPU\fR
ID of the tpu or fully qualified identifier for the tpu. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a TPU with ID \f5my\-tpu\fR in zone
\f5us\-central1\-b\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus delete my\-tpu \-\-zone=us\-central1\-b
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus delete
$ gcloud beta compute tpus delete
.RE

