
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_RESIZE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed resize \- set managed instance group size



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed resize\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR [\fB\-\-no\-creation\-retries\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed resize\fR resize a
managed instance group to a provided size.

If you resize down, the Instance Group Manager service deletes instances from
the group until the group reaches the desired size. To understand in what order
instances will be deleted, see the API documentation.

If you resize up, the service adds instances to the group using the current
instance template until the group reaches the desired size.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
Target number of instances in managed instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-creation\-retries\fR
When instance creation fails retry it. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-creation\-retries\fR to disable.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
may be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed resize
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed resize
.RE

