
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PUBLIC\-DELEGATED\-PREFIXES_DELEGATED\-SUB\-PREFIXES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes delegated\-sub\-prefixes delete \- deletes a Google Compute Engine delegated sub prefix



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes delegated\-sub\-prefixes delete\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX\fR [\fB\-\-global\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\-region\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the delegated sub prefix to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX\fR
Name of the public delegated prefix to delete the delegate sub prefix for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR
If set, the public delegated prefix is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\-region\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX_REGION\fR
Region of the public delegated prefix to delete the delegate sub prefix for. If
not specified, you may be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a delegated sub prefix for a global public delegated prefix:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes \e
    delegated\-sub\-prefixes delete my\-sub\-prefix \e
    \-\-public\-delegated\-prefix=my\-pdp \e
  \-\-global\-public\-delegated\-prefix
.RE

To delete a delegated sub prefix for a regional public delegated prefix:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes \e
    delegated\-sub\-prefixes delete my\-sub\-prefix \e
    \-\-public\-delegated\-prefix=my\-pdp \e
  \-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\-region us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

