
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot registries credentials delete \- delete a credential from a registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot registries credentials delete\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a credential from a registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry from which to delete credentials. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials delete
$ gcloud alpha iot registries credentials delete
.RE

