
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_CERTIFICATES_REVOKE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca certificates revoke \- revoke a certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca certificates revoke\fR (\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-serial\-number\fR=\fISERIAL_NUMBER\fR) [\fB\-\-reason\fR=\fIREASON\fR;\ default="unspecified"] [\fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-issuer\-location\fR=\fIISSUER_LOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Revokes the given certificate for the given reason.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

The certificate identifier. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate resource \- The certificate to revoke. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-certificate] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [issuer\-location] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-certificate] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[privateca/location]. To set the [issuer] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-certificate] on the command line with a fully specified name.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\fR
ID of the certificate or fully qualified identifier for the certificate.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-serial\-number\fR=\fISERIAL_NUMBER\fR
The serial number of the certificate.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reason\fR=\fIREASON\fR; default="unspecified"
Revocation reason to include in the CRL. \fIREASON\fR must be one of:
\fBaffiliation\-changed\fR, \fBattribute\-authority\-compromise\fR,
\fBcertificate\-authority\-compromise\fR, \fBcertificate\-hold\fR,
\fBcessation\-of\-operation\fR, \fBkey\-compromise\fR,
\fBprivilege\-withdrawn\fR, \fBunspecified\fR, \fBsuperseded\fR.

.TP 2m

Issuing CA resource \- The issuing certificate authority of the certificate to
revoke. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-issuer] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR
ID of the Issuing CA or fully qualified identifier for the Issuing CA. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuer\-location\fR=\fIISSUER_LOCATION\fR
The location of the Issuing CA. Alternatively, you can set the property
[privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To revoke the 'frontend\-server\-tls' certificate due to key compromise:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates revoke \e
  \-\-certificate=frontend\-server\-tls \e
  \-\-issuer=server\-tls\-1 \-\-issuer\-location=us\-west1 \e
  \-\-reason=key_compromise
.RE

To revoke the a certificate with the serial number
\'7dc1d9186372de2e1f4824abb1c4c9e5e43cbb40' due to a newer one being issued:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates revoke \e
  \-\-serial\-number=7dc1d9186372de2e1f4824abb1c4c9e5e43cbb40 \e
  \-\-issuer=server\-tls\-1 \-\-issuer\-location=us\-west1 \e
  \-\-reason=superseded
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

