
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SECURITY\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute security\-policies \- read and manipulate Cloud Armor security policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute security\-policies\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Read and manipulate Cloud Armor security policies.

Security policies are used to control access to Google Cloud HTTP/HTTPS load
balancers.

For more information about security policies, see Security policies for HTTPS
load balancing
(https://cloud.google.com/armor/docs/security\-policy\-concepts#security_policies_for_https_load_balancing).

See also: Security policies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/securityPolicies).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrules\fR
Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine security policies rules.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a Google Compute Engine security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete security policies.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a Google Compute Engine security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
Export security policy configs into yaml files.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
Import security policy configs into your project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine security policies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute security\-policies
$ gcloud beta compute security\-policies
.RE

