
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects describe \- show metadata for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects describe\fR \fIPROJECT_ID_OR_NUMBER\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Shows metadata for a project given a valid project ID.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The project specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given project.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID_OR_NUMBER\fR
ID or number for the project you want to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command prints metadata for a project with the ID
\f5example\-foo\-bar\-1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects describe example\-foo\-bar\-1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects describe
$ gcloud beta projects describe
.RE

