
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSURED_WORKLOADS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha assured workloads describe \- describe Assured Workloads environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha assured workloads describe\fR (\fIWORKLOAD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Obtain details about a given Assured Workloads environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workload resource \- The Assured Workloads environment resource to describe. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKLOAD\fR
ID of the workload or fully qualified identifier for the workload. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location for the workload.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization for the workload.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an Assured Workloads environment in the us\-central1 region,
belonging to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456 and an etag of
789, run:


.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha assured workloads describe \e
    organizations/123/locations/us\-central1/workloads/456
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta assured workloads describe
.RE

