
.TH "GCLOUD_ORGANIZATIONS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud organizations remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for an organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud organizations remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIORGANIZATION\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Removes a policy binding from the IAM policy of an organization, given an
organization ID and the binding. One binding consists of a member and a role.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The organization to remove the IAM policy binding. This
represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORGANIZATION\fR
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudresourcemanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on organization with identifier
\'example\-organization\-id\-1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud organizations remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
  example\-organization\-id\-1 \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
  \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' from all
authenticated users on organization 'example\-organization\-id\-1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud organizations remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
  example\-organization\-id\-1 \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
  \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/help/members/types for details about member
types. See https://cloud.google.com/iam/help/roles/reference for details about
roles.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha organizations remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta organizations remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

