
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_DAGS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments storage dags list \- list the DAG files for a Cloud Composer environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments storage dags list\fR (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List the DAG files for a Cloud Composer environment.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment for which to list DAGs. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-environment] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list the dags for the Cloud Composer environment \f5\fIenvironmnet\-1\fR\fR
and location \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta composer environments storage dags list \e
    \-\-environment=environment\-1 \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments storage dags list
$ gcloud alpha composer environments storage dags list
.RE

