
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_BACKUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql backups create \- creates a backup of a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql backups create\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A friendly description of the backup.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Choose where to store your backup. Backups are stored in the closest
multi\-region location to you by default. Only customize if needed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql backups create
$ gcloud beta sql backups create
.RE

