
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_IMAGES_REDACT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp images redact \- redact potentially sensitive data from image content



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp images redact\fR \fIIMAGE\fR [\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR] [\fB\-\-info\-types\fR=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-min\-likelihood\fR=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR;\ default="possible"] [\fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-redact\-all\-text\fR] [\fB\-\-redact\-color\fR=\fIREDACT_COLOR\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Redact potentially sensitive data from image content.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE\fR
Image file to search for sensitive info. The file type must be one of PNG, JPEG,
SVG, or BMP.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR
If True, a contextual quote from the data that triggered a finding is included
in the response. Even if the content is not text, it may be converted to a
textual representation in the response. For example, given the input value 'My
phone number is (415) 555\-0890' and a search for the infoType PHONE_NUMBER, the
contextual quote would be '(415) 555\-0890.'

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-info\-types\fR=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]
Which infoTypes to scan input for. The values must correspond to infoType values
found in documentation. For more information about valid infoTypes, see
infoTypes Reference (https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/infotypes\-reference)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-likelihood\fR=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR; default="possible"
Only return findings equal to or above this threshold. \fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR must
be one of: \fBlikely\fR, \fBpossible\fR, \fBunlikely\fR, \fBvery\-likely\fR,
\fBvery\-unlikely\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR
Path to the file to write redacted contents to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redact\-all\-text\fR
If specified, all text info in the image will be removed, whether it is detected
as sensitive or not.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redact\-color\fR=\fIREDACT_COLOR\fR
The color to use when redacting content from an image. If not specified, the
default value is black. Colors should be specified as a string of \f5r,g,b\fR
float values in the interval [0,1] representing the amount of red, green, and
blue in the color, respectively. For example, \f5black = 0,0,0\fR, \f5red =
1.0,0,0\fR, \f5white = 1.0,1.0,1.0\fR, and so on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdlp/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To redact phone numbers from an image named my\-image.jpg and write the redacted
image to my\-redacted\-image.jpg, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dlp images redact my\-image.jpg \e
    \-\-info\-types PHONE_NUMBER \e
    \-\-output\-file my\-redacted\-image.jpg
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

