
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game locations describe \- describe a Location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game locations describe\fR [\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Game Services Location.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe location 'my\-location', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game locations describe my\-location
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- Cloud Game Services Location to describe. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[location] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[game_services/location] with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fILOCATION\fR]
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud game locations describe
$ gcloud beta game locations describe
.RE

