
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_DEPLOYMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers deployments \- deploy and manage Cloud Game Server Deployments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers deployments\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploy and manage Cloud Game Server Deployments.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcommit\-rollout\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commit the ongoing Deployment rollout.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Deployments.

.TP 2m
\fBrevert\-rollout\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start rollback of the ongoing Deployment rollout in the specified
clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-rollout\-target\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set rollout target for the ongoing Deployment rollout in the
specified clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\-rollout\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start Deployment rollout by providing a new game server template.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Deployment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

