
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container binauthz attestors add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to an attestor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container binauthz attestors add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIATTESTOR\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for
details of policy role and member types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The attestor whose IAM policy will be modified. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the flag [ATTESTOR] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIATTESTOR\fR
The ID of the attestor or a fully qualified identifier for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/binaryauthorization.attestorsEditor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
on the attestor \f5my_attestor\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my_attestor \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/binaryauthorization.attestorsEditor'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

