
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_VIEWS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging views update \- update a view



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging views update\fR \fIVIEW_ID\fR \fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates the properties of a view.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVIEW_ID\fR
Id of the view to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
ID of the bucket that holds the view

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the bucket that contains the view.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
New description for the view.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
New filter for the view.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Update view associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Update view associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Update view associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Update view associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a view in your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging views update my\-view \-\-bucket=my\-bucket \e
   \-\-location=global
\-\-description=my\-new\-description
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

