
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_INSTANCE\-CONFIGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs delete \- delete per instance configs from managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs delete\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-force\-instance\-update\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs
delete\fR deletes one or more per instance configs from a Google Compute Engine
managed instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Names of instances to delete instance\-configs from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-instance\-update\fR
The changes will be applied immediately to the instances. If this flag is not
provided, the changes will be applied once the instances are restarted or
recreated.

Example: let's say we have an instance with a disk attached to it and an
override for the disk. If we decide to delete the override and provide this
flag, this will instantly recreate the instance and detach the disk from it.
Similarly if we have attached new disk or changed its definition \- with this
flag it will instantly recreate instance with newly applied overrides.

If we omit this flag, the instance will continue to exist with no overrides
changes applied until it gets restarted or recreated either manually or by
autohealer or updater.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to delete. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to delete. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

