
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a subscription,
given a subscription and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM
policy.

If the given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the replacement will
succeed only if the policy already in place matches that etag. (An etag obtained
via \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR will prevent the replacement if the policy for the
subscription has been subsequently updated.) A policy file that does not contain
an etag value will replace any existing policy for the subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- The subscription for which to set the IAM policy. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsub/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and set it for a subscription \f5my\-sub\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy my\-sub policy.json
.RE

.RS 2m
See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of
the policy file format and contents.
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy
.RE

