
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list \- list Google Compute Engine node groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list\fR displays all Google Compute
Engine node groups in a project.

By default, node groups from all regions are listed. The results can be narrowed
down using a filter: \f5\-\-filter="region:( REGION ... )"\fR.



.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all node groups in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list
.RE

To list the URIs of all node groups in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all node groups in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list \e
    \-\-filter="region:( us\-central1 europe\-west1 )"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups list
.RE

