
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_MACHINE\-IMAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute machine\-images \- read and manage Google Compute Engine machine image resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute machine\-images\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manage Google Compute Engine machine image resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of a Google Compute
Engine machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine machine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine machine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about a machine images.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine machine_images.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from the IAM policy of a Google Compute
Engine machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine machine image.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

