
.TH "GCLOUD_DOCKER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud docker \- enable Docker CLI access to Google Container Registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud docker\fR  [\fB\-\-authorize\-only\fR,\ \fB\-a\fR] [\fB\-\-docker\-host\fR=\fIDOCKER_HOST\fR] [\fB\-\-server\fR=\fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...],\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...];\ default="gcr.io,us.gcr.io,eu.gcr.io,asia.gcr.io,staging\-k8s.gcr.io,marketplace.gcr.io"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIDOCKER_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Enable Docker CLI access to Google Container Registry.

\f5gcloud docker\fR will not be supported for Docker client versions above
18.03.

As an alternative, use \f5gcloud auth configure\-docker\fR to configure
\f5docker\fR to use \f5gcloud\fR as a credential helper, then use \f5docker\fR
as you would for non\-GCR registries, e.g. \f5docker pull
gcr.io/project\-id/my\-image\fR. Add \f5\-\-verbosity=error\fR to silence this
warning: \f5gcloud docker \-\-verbosity=error \-\- pull
gcr.io/project\-id/my\-image\fR.

See:
https://cloud.google.com/container\-registry/docs/support/deprecation\-notices#gcloud\-docker


gcloud docker wraps Docker commands so that \f5gcloud\fR can inject the
appropriate fresh authentication token into requests that interact with the
Docker registry.

All Docker\-specific flags are passed through to the underlying \f5docker\fR
command. A full reference of Docker's command line options available after
\f5\-\-\fR can be found here:
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/cli/. You may also run
\f5gcloud docker \-\- \-\-help\fR to view the Docker CLI's help directly.

Detailed documentation on Container Registry can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/container\-registry/docs/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIDOCKER_ARGS\fR ...]
Arguments to pass to Docker.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and DOCKER_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorize\-only\fR, \fB\-a\fR
Configure Docker authorization only; do not launch the Docker command\-line.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-docker\-host\fR=\fIDOCKER_HOST\fR
URL to connect to Docker Daemon. Format: tcp://host:port or
unix:///path/to/socket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-server\fR=\fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...], \fB\-s\fR \fISERVER\fR,[\fISERVER\fR,...]; default="gcr.io,us.gcr.io,eu.gcr.io,asia.gcr.io,staging\-k8s.gcr.io,marketplace.gcr.io"
Address of the Google Cloud Registry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To pull the image 'gcr.io/google\-containers/pause:1.0' from the docker
registry, run:

.RS 2m
gcloud docker \-\- pull gcr.io/google\-containers/pause:1.0
.RE

Push the image 'gcr.io/example\-org/example\-image:latest' to our private docker
registry.

.RS 2m
gcloud docker \-\- push gcr.io/example\-org/example\-image:latest
.RE

Configure authentication, then simply use docker:

.RS 2m
gcloud docker \-\-authorize\-only
docker push gcr.io/example\-org/example\-image:latest
.RE
