
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_ACCOUNTS_PROJECTS_LINK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing accounts projects link \- link a project with a billing account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing accounts projects link\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR (\fB\-\-account\-id\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR The \f5gcloud <alpha|beta> billing accounts
projects\fR groups have been moved to \f5gcloud beta billing projects\fR. Please
use the new, shorter commands instead.

This command links a billing account to a project.

If the specified billing account is open, this enables billing on the project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Specify a project id.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-account\-id\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR
(DEPRECATED) Specify a billing account ID. Billing account IDs are of the form
\f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR. To see available IDs, run \f5$ gcloud alpha
billing accounts list\fR.

The \f5\-\-account\-id\fR flag has been renamed \f5\-\-billing\-account\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR
Specify a billing account ID. Billing account IDs are of the form
\f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR. To see available IDs, run \f5$ gcloud alpha
billing accounts list\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To link a billing account \f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR with a project
\f5my\-project\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing accounts projects link my\-project \e
    \-\-billing\-account=0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

