
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_PRODUCTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee products delete \- delete an Apigee API product



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee products delete\fR (\fIPRODUCT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Apigee API product.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

API product resource \- API product to be deleted. To get a list of available
API products, run:

$ gcloud alpha apigee products list

The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT\fR
ID of the API product or fully qualified identifier for the API product. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization containing the API product. If unspecified, the Cloud
Platform project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an API product called \f5\fIproduct\-name\fR\fR from the active Cloud
Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products delete product\-name
.RE

To delete an API product called \f5\fIother\-product\fR\fR from an Apigee
organization called \f5\fIorg\-name\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products delete other\-product \e
  \-\-organization=org\-name
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

