
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_GROUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute groups \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute groups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-members\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a user to a Google Compute Engine group.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine groups.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine groups.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine groups.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-members\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a user from a Google Compute Engine group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute groups
.RE

