
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_UPDATE\-AUTOSCALING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-autoscaling \- update autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-autoscaling\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-autoscaling\fR updates
autoscaling parameters of specified managed instance group.

Autoscalers can use one or more policies listed below. Information on using
multiple policies can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/autoscaler/multiple\-policies

In contrast to \fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling\fR,
this command \fBonly\fR updates specified fields. For instance:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-autoscaling \e
  \-\-mode only\-scale\-out
.RE

would change the \fBmode\fR field of the autoscaler policy, but leave the rest
of the settings intact.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
Set the mode of an autoscaler for a managed instance group.

You can turn off or restrict MIG autoscaler activities without affecting your
autoscaler configuration. The autoscaler configuration persists while the
activities are turned off or restricted, and the activities resume when the
autoscaler is turned on again or when the restrictions are lifted.

\fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoff\fR
Turns off autoscaling, while keeping the new configuration.
.TP 2m
\fBon\fR
Permits autoscaling to scale out and in (default for new autoscalers).
.TP 2m
\fBonly\-scale\-out\fR
Permits autoscaling to scale only out and not in.
.TP 2m
\fBonly\-up\fR
(DEPRECATED) Permits autoscaling to scale only out and not in.

.RS 2m
Value `only\-up` is deprecated. Use `\-\-mode only\-scale\-out`
instead.
.RE
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update an existing instance group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-autoscaling \e
  \-\-mode=only\-scale\-out
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed update\-autoscaling
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed update\-autoscaling
.RE

