
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores update \- update a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores update\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-enable\-update\-create\fR] [\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- The Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store you want to update.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[fhir_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-update\-create\fR
Whether this FHIR store has the [updateCreate]
(https://www.hl7.org/fhir/capabilitystatement\-definitions.html#CapabilityStatement.rest.resource.updateCreate)
capability. Determines if the client can use an Update operation to create a new
resource with a client\-specified ID. If false, all IDs are server\-assigned
through the Create operation and attempts to Update a non\-existent resource
will return errors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic to send updates to.

Note, a topic needs to be created before publishing or subscribing to it. For
instructions on creating topics, refer to:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/admin#create_a_topic


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

