
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_OPS\-AGENTS_POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances ops\-agents policies delete \- delete a Google Cloud's operations suite agents (Ops\ Agents) policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances ops\-agents policies delete\fR \fIPOLICY_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances ops\-agents policies delete\fR
deletes a policy that facilitates agent management across Compute Engine
instances based on user specified instance filters. This policy installs,
specifies versioning, enables autoupgrade, and removes Ops Agents.

The command returns a response indicating whether the deletion succeeded. After
a policy is deleted, it takes 10\-15 minutes to be wiped from the applicable
instances. Deleting a policy does not delete any existing agents managed by that
policy, but the agents become unmanaged by any policies. To remove the agents
from the instances, first update the policy to set the agent
\f5\fIpackage\-state\fR\fR to \f5\fIremoved\fR\fR, wait for the policy to take
effect, then delete the policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_ID\fR
ID of the policy.

This ID must start with \f5\fIops\-agents\-\fR\fR, contain only lowercase
letters, numbers, and hyphens, end with a number or a letter, be between 1\-63
characters, and be unique within the project. The goal of the prefix
\f5\fIops\-agents\-\fR\fR is to easily distinguish these Ops Agents specific
policies from other generic policies and lower the chance of naming conflicts.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an Ops agents policy named \f5\fIops\-agents\-test\-policy\fR\fR in
the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances ops\-agents policies delete \e
    ops\-agents\-test\-policy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

