
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_DATASETS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics datasets add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics datasets add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIID\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a dataset,
given a dataset ID and the binding.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIID\fR
The ID of the dataset.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a dataset with identifier
\'1000'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha genomics datasets add\-iam\-policy\-binding 1000 \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

For a service account \f5test\-proj1@example.domain.com\fR, the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' to the
given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha genomics datasets add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for all authenticated users on a dataset with identifier '1000':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha genomics datasets add\-iam\-policy\-binding 1000 \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

