
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PUBLIC\-DELEGATED\-PREFIXES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes create \- creates a Compute Engine public delegated prefix



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-public\-advertised\-prefix\fR=\fIPUBLIC_ADVERTISED_PREFIX\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the public delegated prefix to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-advertised\-prefix\fR=\fIPUBLIC_ADVERTISED_PREFIX\fR
Public advertised prefix that this delegated prefix is created from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of this public delegated prefix.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
IPv4 range from this public delegated prefix that should be delegated, in CIDR
format. If not specified, the entire range ofthe public advertised prefix is
delegated.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the public delegated prefix is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the public delegated prefix to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a public delegated prefix:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes create \e
    my\-public\-delegated\-prefix \-\-public\-advertised\-prefix=my\-pap \e
  \-\-range=120.120.10.128/27 \-\-global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

