
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_KMS_IMPORT\-JOBS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta kms import\-jobs create \- create a new import job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta kms import\-jobs create\fR \fIIMPORT_JOB\fR \fB\-\-import\-method\fR=\fIIMPORT_METHOD\fR \fB\-\-protection\-level\fR=\fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a new import job within the given keyring.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR
Name of the import job to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-method\fR=\fIIMPORT_METHOD\fR
Import method to use for this import job. \fIIMPORT_METHOD\fR must be one of:
\fBrsa\-oaep\-3072\-sha1\-aes\-256\fR, \fBrsa\-oaep\-4096\-sha1\-aes\-256\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-protection\-level\fR=\fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR
Protection level of the import job. \fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR must be one of:
\fBsoftware\fR, \fBhsm\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the import job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the import job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a new import job within the 'fellowship' keyring,
and 'us\-central1' location:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms import\-jobs create \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-import\-method=rsa\-oaep\-3072\-sha1\-aes\-256 \e
    \-\-protection\-level=hsm
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs create
.RE

