
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS_PRINT\-SETTINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts print\-settings \- print snippets to add to native tools settings files



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts print\-settings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The snippets provide a credentials placeholder and configurations
to allow native tools to interact with Artifact Registry repositories.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBgradle\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print a snippet to add a repository to the Gradle build.gradle
file.

.TP 2m
\fBmvn\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print a snippet to add a Maven repository to the pom.xml file.

.TP 2m
\fBnpm\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print credential settings to add to the .npmrc file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print a snippet to add a repository to the Gradle build.gradle file for
repository my\-repo in the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts print\-settings gradle \-\-repository=my\-repo
.RE

To print a snippet to add to the Maven pom.xml file for repository my\-repo in
the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts print\-settings mvn \-\-repository=my\-repo
.RE

To print a snippet to add to the npm .npmrc file for repository my\-repo in the
current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts print\-settings npm \-\-repository=my\-repo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts print\-settings
.RE

