
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-AUTOSCALING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling \- set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-autoscaling\-file\fR=\fIPATH\fR] [\fB\-\-cool\-down\-period\fR=\fICOOL_DOWN_PERIOD\fR] [\fB\-\-cpu\-utilization\-predictive\-method\fR=\fICPU_UTILIZATION_PREDICTIVE_METHOD\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR=[\fImetric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\-type\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\-TYPE\fR]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_NUM_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-stackdriver\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-cpu\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-load\-balancing\fR] [\fB\-\-scale\-in\-control\fR=[\fImax\-scaled\-in\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX\-SCALED\-IN\-REPLICAS\fR],[\fImax\-scaled\-in\-replicas\-percent\fR=\fIMAX\-SCALED\-IN\-REPLICAS\-PERCENT\fR],[\fItime\-window\fR=\fITIME\-WINDOW\fR]] [\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-single\-instance\-assignment\fR=\fIASSIGNMENT\fR] [\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\fR=\fITARGET\fR] [\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\-type\fR=\fITARGET_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-cpu\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_CPU_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-load\-balancing\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_LOAD_BALANCING_UTILIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-stackdriver\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed
set\-autoscaling\fR sets autoscaling parameters of specified managed instance
group.

Autoscalers can use one or more policies listed below. Information on using
multiple policies can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/autoscaler/multiple\-policies



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-autoscaling\-file\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path of the file from which autoscaling configuration will be loaded. This flag
allows you to atomically setup complex autoscalers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cool\-down\-period\fR=\fICOOL_DOWN_PERIOD\fR
The time period that the autoscaler should wait before it starts collecting
information from a new instance. This prevents the autoscaler from collecting
information when the instance is initializing, during which the collected usage
would not be reliable. The default is 60s. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpu\-utilization\-predictive\-method\fR=\fICPU_UTILIZATION_PREDICTIVE_METHOD\fR
Indicates which method of prediction is used for CPU utilization metric, if any.
\fICPU_UTILIZATION_PREDICTIVE_METHOD\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
(Default) No predictions are made based on the scaling metric when calculating
the number of VM instances.
.TP 2m
\fBoptimize\-availability\fR
Predictive autoscaling predicts the future values of the scaling metric and
scales a MIG in advance to ensure that new VM instances are ready in time to
cover the predicted peak.
.TP 2m
\fBstandard\fR
Standard predictive autoscaling predicts the future values of the scaling metric
and then scales a MIG to ensure that new VM instances are ready in time to cover
the predicted peak.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR=[\fImetric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\fR],[\fIutilization\-target\-type\fR=\fIUTILIZATION\-TARGET\-TYPE\fR]
Adds a target metric value for the Autoscaler to use.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmetric\fR
Protocol\-free URL of a Google Cloud Monitoring metric.

.TP 2m
\fButilization\-target\fR
Value of the metric Autoscaler will aim to maintain (greater than 0.0).

.TP 2m
\fButilization\-target\-type\fR
How target is expressed. Valid values: DELTA_PER_MINUTE, DELTA_PER_SECOND,
GAUGE.

Mutually exclusive with \f5\-\-update\-stackdriver\-metric\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Notes about Autoscaler.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_REPLICAS\fR
Maximum number of replicas Autoscaler will set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-num\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_NUM_REPLICAS\fR
Minimum number of replicas Autoscaler will set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
Set the mode of an autoscaler for a managed instance group.

You can turn off or restrict MIG autoscaler activities without affecting your
autoscaler configuration. The autoscaler configuration persists while the
activities are turned off or restricted, and the activities resume when the
autoscaler is turned on again or when the restrictions are lifted.

\fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoff\fR
Turns off autoscaling, while keeping the new configuration.
.TP 2m
\fBon\fR
Permits autoscaling to scale out and in (default for new autoscalers).
.TP 2m
\fBonly\-scale\-out\fR
Permits autoscaling to scale only out and not in.
.TP 2m
\fBonly\-up\fR
(DEPRECATED) Permits autoscaling to scale only out and not in.

.RS 2m
Value `only\-up` is deprecated. Use `\-\-mode only\-scale\-out`
instead.
.RE
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-stackdriver\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR
Stackdriver metric to remove from autoscaling configuration. If the metric is
the only input used for autoscaling the command will fail.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-cpu\fR
Autoscaler will be based on CPU utilization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scale\-based\-on\-load\-balancing\fR
Use autoscaling based on load balancing utilization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scale\-in\-control\fR=[\fImax\-scaled\-in\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX\-SCALED\-IN\-REPLICAS\fR],[\fImax\-scaled\-in\-replicas\-percent\fR=\fIMAX\-SCALED\-IN\-REPLICAS\-PERCENT\fR],[\fItime\-window\fR=\fITIME\-WINDOW\fR]
Configuration that allows slower scale in so that even if Autoscaler recommends
an abrupt scale in of a managed instance group, it will be throttled as
specified by the parameters.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmax\-scaled\-in\-replicas\fR
Maximum allowed number of VMs that can be deducted from the peak recommendation
during the window. Possibly all these VMs can be deleted at once so the
application needs to be prepared to lose that many VMs in one step. Mutually
exclusive with 'max\-scaled\-in\-replicas\-percent'.

.TP 2m
\fBmax\-scaled\-in\-replicas\-percent\fR
Maximum allowed percent of VMs that can be deducted from the peak recommendation
during the window. Possibly all these VMs can be deleted at once so the
application needs to be prepared to lose that many VMs in one step. Mutually
exclusive with 'max\-scaled\-in\-replicas'.

.TP 2m
\fBtime\-window\fR
How long back autoscaling should look when computing recommendations. The
autoscaler will not resize below the maximum allowed deduction subtracted from
the peak size observed in this period. Measured in seconds.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR
Expression for filtering samples used to autoscale, see
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/filters.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-single\-instance\-assignment\fR=\fIASSIGNMENT\fR
Autoscaler will aim to maintain value of metric divided by number of instances
at this level. Mutually exclusive with
\f5\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\-type\fR,
\f5\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\-type\fR, and
\f5\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\fR=\fITARGET\fR
Value of the metric Autoscaler will aim to maintain. When specifying this flag
you must also provide \f5\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\-type\fR.
Mutually exclusive with
\f5\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-single\-instance\-assignment\fR and
\f5\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\-type\fR=\fITARGET_TYPE\fR
Value of the metric Autoscaler will aim to maintain. When specifying this flag
you must also provide \f5\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\fR.
Mutually exclusive with
\f5\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-single\-instance\-assignment\fR and
\f5\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR. \fITARGET_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBdelta\-per\-minute\fR, \fBdelta\-per\-second\fR, \fBgauge\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-cpu\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_CPU_UTILIZATION\fR
Autoscaler will aim to maintain CPU utilization at target level (0.0 to 1.0).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-load\-balancing\-utilization\fR=\fITARGET_LOAD_BALANCING_UTILIZATION\fR
Autoscaler will aim to maintain the load balancing utilization level (greater
than 0.0).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-stackdriver\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR
Stackdriver metric to use as an input for autoscaling. When using this flag you
must also specify target value of the metric by specifying
\f5\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-single\-instance\-assignment\fR or
\f5\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\fR and
\f5\-\-stackdriver\-metric\-utilization\-target\-type\fR. Mutually exclusive
with \f5\-\-custom\-metric\-utilization\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-autoscaling
.RE

