
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_LIFESCIENCES_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta lifesciences locations describe \- describe a Cloud Life Sciences location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta lifesciences locations describe\fR [\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Life Sciences location.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- Cloud Life Sciences location to describe. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[location] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[lifesciences/location] with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fILOCATION\fR]
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBlifesciences/v2beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/life\-sciences



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a location (for example, us\-central1) called \f5my\-location\fR,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta lifesciences locations describe my\-location
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha lifesciences locations describe
.RE

