
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_BACKUPS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable backups set\-iam\-policy \- set an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable Backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable backups set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable Backup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- Cloud Bigtable Backup to set the IAM policy on. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the IAM policy from file 'my\-policy' on the backup 'my\-backup' in
instance 'my\-instance' and cluster 'my\-cluster', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable backups set\-iam\-policy my\-backup \e
    \-\-instance='my\-instance' \-\-cluster='my\-cluster' my\-policy
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for more information.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable backups set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta bigtable backups set\-iam\-policy
.RE

