
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_IMAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container images \- list and manipulate Google Container Registry images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container images\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List and manipulate Google Container Registry images.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-tag\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds tags to existing image.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete existing images.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists container analysis data for a given image.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing images.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-tags\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List tags and digests for the specified image.

.TP 2m
\fBuntag\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove existing image tags.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container images
$ gcloud beta container images
.RE

