
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_POLICY\-TROUBLESHOOT_IAM" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta policy\-troubleshoot iam \- troubleshoot the IAM Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta policy\-troubleshoot iam\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR \fB\-\-permission\fR=\fIPERMISSION\fR \fB\-\-principal\-email\fR=\fIPRINCIPAL_EMAIL\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Performs a check on whether a member is granted a permission on a
resource and how that grant/deny is determined according to the resource's
effective IAM policy interpretation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
Full resource name that access is checked against. See:
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#full_resource_name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permission\fR=\fIPERMISSION\fR
Cloud IAM permission to check, e.g. "resourcemanager.projects.get".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-principal\-email\fR=\fIPRINCIPAL_EMAIL\fR
Principal email address of the member to check against. The format is the email
addresses associated with its gaia account and it must be either a user account
or a service account, other principal types are not supported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpolicytroubleshooter/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To troubleshoot a permission of a member on a resource, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta policy\-troubleshoot iam projects/project\-id
\-\-principal\-email=my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com
\-\-permission=iam.roles.list
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha policy\-troubleshoot iam
.RE

