
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta config \- view and edit Cloud SDK properties



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta config\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud beta config command group lets you set, view and unset
properties used by Cloud SDK.

A configuration is a set of properties that govern the behavior of \f5gcloud\fR
and other Cloud SDK tools. The initial \f5default\fR configuration is set when
\f5gcloud init\fR is run. You can create additional named configurations using
\f5gcloud init\fR or \f5gcloud beta config configurations create\fR.

To display the path of the active configuration along with information about the
current \f5gcloud\fR environment, run $ gcloud info.

To switch between configurations, use \f5gcloud beta config configurations
activate\fR.

gcloud supports several flags that have the same effect as properties in a
configuration (for example, gcloud supports both the \f5\-\-project\fR flag and
\f5project\fR property). Properties differ from flags in that flags affect
command behavior on a per\-invocation basis. Properties allow you to maintain
the same settings across command executions.

For more information on configurations, see \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfigurations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage the set of gcloud named configurations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBget\-value\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Print the value of a Cloud SDK property.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Cloud SDK properties for the currently active configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBset\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set a Cloud SDK property.

.TP 2m
\fBunset\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Unset a Cloud SDK property.


.RE
.sp

.SH "AVAILABLE PROPERTIES"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIcore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccount\fR
Account \f5gcloud\fR should use for authentication. Run \f5gcloud auth list\fR
to see your currently available accounts.


.TP 2m
\fBcustom_ca_certs_file\fR
Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.


.TP 2m
\fBdefault_regional_backend_service\fR
If True, backend services in \f5gcloud compute backend\-services\fR will be
regional by default. Setting the \f5\-\-global\fR flag is required for global
backend services.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_color\fR
If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the terminal.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_prompts\fR
If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts. However, for
any prompts that require user input, an error will be raised. This is equivalent
to either using the global \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag or setting the environment
variable \f5CLOUDSDK_CORE_DISABLE_PROMPTS\fR to 1. Setting this property is
useful when scripting with \f5gcloud\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_usage_reporting\fR
If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected. This value is
set by default based on your choices during installation, but can be changed at
any time. For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage\-statistics


.TP 2m
\fBlog_http\fR
If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. To see logs in the
terminal, adjust \f5verbosity\fR settings. Otherwise, logs are available in
their respective log files.


.TP 2m
\fBmax_log_days\fR
Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set to 0, turns
off log garbage collection and does not delete log files. If unset, the default
is 30 days.


.TP 2m
\fBpass_credentials_to_gsutil\fR
If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.


.TP 2m
\fBproject\fR
Project ID of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by default. This can be
overridden by using the global \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.TP 2m
\fBshow_structured_logs\fR
Control when JSON\-structured log messages for the current verbosity level (and
above) will be written to standard error. If this property is disabled, logs are
formatted as \f5text\fR by default.

Valid values are:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5never\fR \- Log messages as text
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5always\fR \- Always log messages as JSON
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5log\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a file
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5terminal\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

If unset, default is \f5never\fR.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtrace_token\fR
Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of issues. This
token will be provided by Google support.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBuser_output_enabled\fR
True, by default. If False, messages to the user and command output on both
standard output and standard error will be suppressed.


.TP 2m
\fBverbosity\fR
Default logging verbosity for \f5gcloud\fR commands. This is the equivalent of
using the global \f5\-\-verbosity\fR flag. Supported verbosity levels:
\f5debug\fR, \f5info\fR, \f5warning\fR, \f5error\fR, and \f5none\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIapp\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcloud_build_timeout\fR
Timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete during deployments.
All Docker builds now use the Cloud Build API.


.TP 2m
\fBpromote_by_default\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version will be
promoted to receive all traffic for the service. This property can be overridden
via the \f5\-\-promote\-by\-default\fR or \f5\-\-no\-promote\-by\-default\fR
flags.


.TP 2m
\fBstop_previous_version\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously deployed
version is stopped. If False, older versions must be stopped manually.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_runtime_builders\fR
If set, opt in/out to a new code path for building applications using
pre\-fabricated runtimes that can be updated independently of client tooling. If
not set, the default path for each runtime is used.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIauth\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable_credentials\fR
If True, \f5gcloud\fR will not attempt to load any credentials or authenticate
any requests. This is useful when behind a proxy that adds authentication to
requests.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIbilling\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBquota_project\fR
Project that will be charged quota for the operations performed in \f5gcloud\fR.
When unset, the default is [CURRENT_PROJECT]; this will charge quota against the
currently set project for operations performed on it. Additionally, some
existing APIs will continue to use a shared project for quota by default, when
this property is unset.

If you need to operate on one project, but need quota against a different
project, you can use this property to specify the alternate project.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIbuilds\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtimeout\fR
Timeout, in seconds, to wait for builds to complete.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcomponent_manager\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadditional_repositories\fR
Comma separated list of additional repositories to check for components. This
property is automatically managed by the \f5gcloud components repositories\fR
commands.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_update_check\fR
If True, Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcomposer\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Composer location to use. Each Composer location constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying environments into Compute Engine
regions inside this location. This parameter corresponds to the
/locations/<location> segment of the Composer resource URIs being referenced.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcompute\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine resources. When
a \f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute regions
list\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_new_list_usable_subnets_api\fR
If True, use the new API for listing usable subnets which only returns subnets
in the current project.


.TP 2m
\fBzone\fR
Default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine resources. When a
\f5\-\-zone\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute zones list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcontainer\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbuild_timeout\fR
Timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.


.TP 2m
\fBcluster\fR
Name of the cluster to use by default when working with Kubernetes Engine.


.TP 2m
\fBnew_scopes_behavior\fR
If True, use new scopes behavior and do not add \f5compute\-rw\fR,
\f5storage\-ro\fR, \f5service\-control\fR, or \f5service\-management\fR scopes.
The former two (\f5compute\-rw\fR and \f5storage\-ro\fR) only apply to clusters
at Kubernetes v1.9 and below; starting v1.10, \f5compute\-rw\fR and
\f5storage\-ro\fR are not added by default. Any of these scopes may be added
explicitly using \f5\-\-scopes\fR. Using new scopes behavior will be the default
in a future release. Additionally, if this property is set to True, using
\f5\-\-[no\-]enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR is not allowed. This property is
ignored in alpha and beta, since these tracks always use the new behavior. See
\f5\-\-scopes\fR help for more info.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_application_default_credentials\fR
If True, use application default credentials to authenticate to the cluster API
server.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_client_certificate\fR
If True, use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to the cluster API
server.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdataproc\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdeployment_manager\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBglob_imports\fR
Enable import path globbing. Uses glob patterns to match multiple imports in a
config file.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIfilestore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Default location to use when working with Cloud Filestore locations. When a
\f5\-\-location\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIfunctions\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Default region to use when working with Cloud Functions resources. When a
\f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud beta functions
regions list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIgcloudignore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBenabled\fR
If True, do not upload \f5.gcloudignore\fR files (see \f5$ gcloud topic
gcloudignore\fR). If False, turn off the gcloudignore mechanism entirely and
upload all files.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIinteractive\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbottom_bindings_line\fR
If True, display the bottom key bindings line.


.TP 2m
\fBbottom_status_line\fR
If True, display the bottom status line.


.TP 2m
\fBcompletion_menu_lines\fR
Number of lines in the completion menu.


.TP 2m
\fBcontext\fR
Command context string.


.TP 2m
\fBfixed_prompt_position\fR
If True, display the prompt at the same position.


.TP 2m
\fBhelp_lines\fR
Maximum number of help snippet lines.


.TP 2m
\fBhidden\fR
If True, expose hidden commands/flags.


.TP 2m
\fBjustify_bottom_lines\fR
If True, left\- and right\-justify bottom toolbar lines.


.TP 2m
\fBmanpage_generator\fR
If True, use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported commands.


.TP 2m
\fBmulti_column_completion_menu\fR
If True, display the completions as a multi\-column menu.


.TP 2m
\fBprompt\fR
Command prompt string.


.TP 2m
\fBshow_help\fR
If True, show help as command args are being entered.


.TP 2m
\fBsuggest\fR
If True, add command line suggestions based on history.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIml_engine\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocal_python\fR
Full path to the Python interpreter to use for Cloud ML Engine local
predict/train jobs. If not specified, the default path is the one to the Python
interpreter found on system \f5PATH\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBpolling_interval\fR
Interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML Engine jobs. Note
that making it much faster than the default (60) will quickly use all of your
quota.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIproxy\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaddress\fR
Hostname or IP address of proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBpassword\fR
Password to use when connecting, if the proxy requires authentication.


.TP 2m
\fBport\fR
Port to use when connected to the proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBrdns\fR
If True, DNS queries will not be performed locally, and instead, handed to the
proxy to resolve. This is default behavior.


.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
Type of proxy being used. Supported proxy types are: [http, http_no_tunnel,
socks4, socks5].


.TP 2m
\fBusername\fR
Username to use when connecting, if the proxy requires authentication.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIredis\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Default region to use when working with Cloud Memorystore for Redis resources.
When a \f5region\fR is required but not provided by a flag, the command will
fall back to this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIspanner\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstance\fR
Default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner resources. When an
instance is required but not provided by a flag, the command will fall back to
this value, if set.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config
$ gcloud alpha config
.RE

