
.TH "GCLOUD_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud bigtable instances \- manage Cloud Bigtable instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud bigtable instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Manage Cloud Bigtable instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a new Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete an existing Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe an existing Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List existing Bigtable instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Modify an existing Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBupgrade\fR
Upgrade an existing instance's type from development to production.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances
$ gcloud beta bigtable instances
.RE

