
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries \- manage entries in Cloud Data Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage entries in Cloud Data Catalog.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog entry.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Data Catalog entry.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Data Catalog entry.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all entries in a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.

.TP 2m
\fBlookup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lookup a Cloud Data Catalog entry by its target name.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Data Catalog entry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entries
.RE

