
.TH "GCLOUD_SCC_FINDINGS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud scc findings list \- list an organization or source's findings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud scc findings list\fR [\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-compare\-duration\fR=\fICOMPARE_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-field\-mask\fR=\fIFIELD_MASK\fR] [\fB\-\-order\-by\fR=\fIORDER_BY\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR;\ default="\-"] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List an organization or source's findings. To list across all sources provide a
\'\-' as the source id.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The organization to be used for the SCC (Security
Command Center) command. This represents a Cloud resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIORGANIZATION\fR]
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-compare\-duration\fR=\fICOMPARE_DURATION\fR
ListFindingsResult's "state_change" attribute is updated to indicate whether the
finding had its state changed, the finding's state remained unchanged, or if the
finding was added in any state during the compare_duration period of time that
precedes the read_time. This is the time between (read_time \- compare_duration)
and read_time. The state_change value is derived based on the presence and state
of the finding at the two points in time. Intermediate state changes between the
two times don't affect the result. For example, the results aren't affected if
the finding is made inactive and then active again. Possible "state_change"
values when compare_duration is specified: "CHANGED" indicates that the finding
was present at the start of compare_duration, but changed its state at
read_time. "UNCHANGED" indicates that the finding was present at the start of
compare_duration and did not change state at read_time. "ADDED" indicates that
the finding was not present at the start of compare_duration, but was present at
read_time. If compare_duration is not specified, then the only possible
state_change is "UNUSED", which will be the state_change set for all findings
present at read_time. Example duration: "100000s"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-field\-mask\fR=\fIFIELD_MASK\fR
Field mask to specify the finding fields listed in the response. An empty field
mask will list all fields. For example:
\-\-field\-mask="finding.category,finding.resource_name" will only output
category and resource_name for the findings in addition to default attributes.
Notice the difference between hyphens (\-) used with flags v/s camel case used
in field masks. An empty or missing field mask will list all fields.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-order\-by\fR=\fIORDER_BY\fR
Expression that defines what fields and order to use for sorting. String value
should follow SQL syntax: comma separated list of fields. For example:
"name,resource_properties.a_property". The default sorting order is ascending.
To specify descending order for a field, a suffix " desc" should be appended to
the field name. For example: \-\-order\-by="name
desc,source_properties.a_property" will order by name in descending order while
source_properties.a_property in ascending order.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
Response objects will return a non\-null value for page\-token to indicate that
there is at least one additional page of data. User can either directly request
that page by specifying the page\-token explicitly or let gcloud fetch
one\-page\-at\-a\-time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR
Time used as a reference point when filtering. Absence of this field will
default to the API's version of NOW. For example \-\-read\-time
"2019\-02\-28T07:00:00Z"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR; default="\-"
Source id. Defaults to all sources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all ACTIVE findings under organization 123456 across all sources:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list 123456 \-\-filter="state=\e"ACTIVE\e""
.RE

List all ACTIVE findings under organization 123456 and source 5678:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list 123456 \-\-source=5678 \e
    \-\-filter="state=\e"ACTIVE\e""
.RE

Only list category and resource_name of all ACTIVE findings under organization
123456 and source 5678:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list 123456 \-\-source=5678  \e
    \-\-filter="state=\e"ACTIVE\e""\e
 \-\-field\-mask="finding.category,finding.resource_name"
.RE

List all ACTIVE findings of XSS category/type, under organization 123456 and
source 5678:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list 123456 \-\-source=5678 \e
    \-\-filter="state=\e"ACTIVE\e" AND category=\e"XSS\e""
.RE

List all findings attached to a particular resource under organization 123456:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list 123456 \e
    \-\-filter="resource_name=\e"//container.googleapis.com/projects/\e
pid/zones/zone\-id/clusters/cluster\-id\e""
.RE

List all ACTIVE findings that took place on 2019\-01\-01T01:00:00 GMT time,
under organization 123456:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list 123456 \-\-filter="state=\e"ACTIVE\e" AND \e
    event_time > 1546304400000"
.RE

List all findings that were ACTIVE as of 2019\-01\-01T01:00:00 GMT time, under
organization 123456:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list 123456 \e
    \-\-filter="state=\e"ACTIVE\e"" \-\-read\-time="2019\-01\-01T01:00:00Z"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings list
$ gcloud beta scc findings list
.RE

