
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATASTORE_INDEXES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha datastore indexes \- manage your Cloud Datastore indexes



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha datastore indexes\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud datastore command group lets you create and delete
Google Cloud Datastore indexes.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcleanup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove unused datastore indexes based on your local index
configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create new datastore indexes based on your local index
configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about an Cloud Datastore index.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Datastore indexes.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore indexes
$ gcloud beta datastore indexes
.RE

