
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPONENTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud components list \- list the status of all Cloud SDK components



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud components list\fR [\fB\-\-only\-local\-state\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-versions\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command lists all the available components in the Cloud SDK. For each
component, the command lists the following information:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Status on your local workstation: not installed, installed (and up to date), and
update available (installed, but not up to date)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Name of the component (a description)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
ID of the component (used to refer to the component in other [gcloud components]
commands)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Size of the component
.RE
.sp



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-only\-local\-state\fR
Only show locally installed components.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-versions\fR
Show installed and available versions of all components.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list the status of all Cloud SDK components, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components list
.RE

To show the currently installed version (if any) and the latest available
version of each component, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud components list \-\-show\-versions
.RE
