
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILD\-ARTIFACTS_REPOSITORIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories create \- create a Cloud Build Artifacts repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories create\fR \fIREPOSITORY\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR \fB\-\-repository\-format\fR=\fIREPOSITORY_FORMAT\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud Build Artifacts repository.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
A repository with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create repositories.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
A valid repository format was not provided.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Cloud Build Artifacts repository to create. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [repository] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location for the repository.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\-format\fR=\fIREPOSITORY_FORMAT\fR
Format of the repository. \fIREPOSITORY_FORMAT\fR must be one of: \fBdocker\fR,
\fBformat\-unspecified\fR, \fBmaven\fR, \fBnpm\fR, \fBpypi\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description for the repository.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbuildartifacts/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/build\-artifacts



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a repository with the name \f5my\-repo\fR under the current project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories create my\-repo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

