
.TH "GCLOUD_ML_VISION_SUGGEST\-CROP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml vision suggest\-crop \- suggest a bounding box in an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml vision suggest\-crop\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-aspect\-ratios\fR=[\fIASPECT_RATIOS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Returns the coordinates of a bounding box that surrounds the dominant object or
face in an image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
The path to the image to be analyzed. This can be either a local path or a URL.
If you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google Cloud
Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-aspect\-ratios\fR=[\fIASPECT_RATIOS\fR,...]
A list of aspect ratio hints for the suggested bounding box. Aspect ratios may
be specified either as a decimal number (ex. 1.333) or as a ratio of width to
height (ex 4:3).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision suggest\-crop
$ gcloud beta ml vision suggest\-crop
.RE

