
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APIGEE_DEPLOYMENTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta apigee deployments describe \- describe an Apigee API proxy deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta apigee deployments describe\fR [[\fIREVISION\fR]\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR\ \fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an Apigee API proxy deployment.

\f5gcloud beta apigee deployments describe\fR retrieves the status of a specific
API proxy's deployment to a specific environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- API proxy revision and environment of the deployment to be
described.

.RE
.sp
To get a list of deployed proxies and their environments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments list
.RE

REVISION can either be a positive revision number, or the special value
\f5\fIauto\fR\fR, which will choose whichever revision of API is currently
deployed in ENVIRONMENT, or return an error if more than one revision is
deployed.


If REVISION is unspecified, the default is \f5\fIauto\fR\fR.

.RS 2m
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
.RE


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIREVISION\fR]
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
Deployed API proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
Environment in which the proxy was deployed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee Organization of the proxy and environment. If unspecified, the Cloud
Platform project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the status of a deployment in the active Cloud Platform project, which
deploys \f5\fImy\-proxy\fR\fR into the \f5\fIprod\fR\fR environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments describe \-\-api=my\-proxy \e
  \-\-environment=prod
.RE

To get the status of that deployment as a JSON object, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments describe \-\-api=my\-proxy \e
  \-\-environment=prod \-\-format=json
.RE

To get the status of a deployment in an organization called \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR,
which deploys version 3 of the proxy \f5\fImy\-proxy\fR\fR into the
\f5\fItest\fR\fR environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments describe 3 \-\-organization=my\-org \e
  \-\-environment=test \-\-api=my\-proxy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee deployments describe
$ gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe
.RE

