
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_SERVICES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha service\-directory services update \- update a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha service\-directory services update\fR (\fISERVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The Service Directory service to update. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [service] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
The name of the namespace for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata for the service.

Metadata takes the form of key/value string pairs. The total dictionary is
limited to 2000 characters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a Service Directory service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory services update my\-service \e
    \-\-namespace=my\-namespace \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-metadata=a=b,c=d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory services update
.RE

