
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_RESOURCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager resources \- commands for Deployment Manager resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager resources\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-deployment\fR=\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to list and examine resources within a deployment.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-deployment\fR=\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
Deployment name


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide information about a resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List resources in a deployment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view all details about a resource, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager resources describe my\-resource \e
    \-\-deployment my\-deployment
.RE

To see the list of all resources in a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager resources list \e
    \-\-deployment my\-deployment
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager resources
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager resources
.RE

