
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_PATCH\-JOBS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel \- cancel the given active OS patch job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel\fR \fIPATCH_JOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Patch job resource \- Patch job to cancel. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [patch_job] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPATCH_JOB\fR
ID of the patch_job or fully qualified identifier for the patch_job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel the patch job 'job1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel job1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

