
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI\-PLATFORM_MODELS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a ML engine model,
given a model ID and the binding. One binding consists of a member, a role, and
an optional condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west4\fR,
\fBus\-central1\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

The condition of the binding to be added. When the condition is explicitly
specified as \f5None\fR (\f5\-\-condition=None\fR), a binding without a
condition is added. When the condition is specified and is not \f5None\fR,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) A short string describing the purpose of the expression.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Additional description for the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on a model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' to the service
account 'test\-proj1@example.domain.com', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for all
authenticated users on a model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE


To add an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2018 for the
role of 'roles/ml.admin' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a model with
identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

