
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NETWORK\-CONNECTIVITY_HUBS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha network\-connectivity hubs update \- update a hub



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha network\-connectivity hubs update\fR \fIHUB\fR \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the detail of a hub.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Hub resource \- Name of the hub to be updated. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [hub] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIHUB\fR
ID of the hub or fully qualified identifier for the hub.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
New description of the hub.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworkconnectivity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update description of the hub named \f5\fImy\-hub\fR\fR with description 'the
new description of my\-hub'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha network\-connectivity hubs update my\-hub \e
    \-\-description="The new description of my\-hub".
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

