
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot registries credentials describe \- show details about a specific registry credential



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot registries credentials describe\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a specific registry credential.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry to which the credential belongs. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials describe
$ gcloud beta iot registries credentials describe
.RE

