
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_DATABASES_DDL_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner databases ddl update \- update the DDL for a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner databases ddl update\fR (\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update the DDL for a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database of which the ddl to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
The ID of the database or a fully qualified identifier for the database. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR
Semi\-colon separated DDL (data definition language) statements to run inside
the database. If a statement fails, all subsequent statements in the batch are
automatically cancelled.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases ddl update
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases ddl update
.RE

