
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments create \- create a Google Compute Engine interconnect attachment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-interconnect\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT\fR \fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine interconnect
attachment.

.RS 2m
`create` is deprecated. Please use `gcloud compute interconnects attachments dedicated create` instead.
.RE


\fBgcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments create\fR is used to create
interconnect attachments. An interconnect attachment is what binds the
underlying connectivity of an Interconnect to a path into and out of the
customer's cloud network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect attachment to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interconnect\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT\fR
The interconnect for the interconnect attachment

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR
The Google Cloud Router to use for dynamic routing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the interconnect attachment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the interconnect attachment to create. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments create
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments create
.RE

