
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-METADATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-metadata \- remove instance metadata



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-metadata\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-keys\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-metadata can be used to
remove instance metadata entries.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to set metadata on. For details on valid instance names,
refer to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to set metadata on. If not specified, the user may be
prompted to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by
searching for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined,
the user will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
If provided, all metadata entries are removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keys\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
The keys of the entries to remove.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove metadata keys \f5\fIimportant\-data\fR\fR and
\f5\fIuseless\-data\fR\fR along with their data from an instance named
\f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-metadata test\-instance \e
    \-\-keys=important\-data,useless\-data
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances remove\-metadata
$ gcloud beta compute instances remove\-metadata
.RE

