
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments delete \- delete one or more Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments delete\fR (\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR\ [\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR\ ...]\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Environments cannot be deleted unless they are in one of the
RUNNING or ERROR states. If run asynchronously with \f5\-\-async\fR, exits after
printing one or more operation names that can be used to poll the status of the
deletion(s) via:

.RS 2m
gcloud composer operations describe
.RE

If any of the environments are already in the process of being deleted, the
original deletion operations are waited on (default) or printed
(\f5\-\-async\fR).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environments to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [environments] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR [\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR ...]
IDs of the environments or fully qualified identifiers for the environments.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environments.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the environment named \f5\fIenvironment\-1\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments delete environment\-1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments delete
$ gcloud beta composer environments delete
.RE

