
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_PEERINGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks peerings create \- create a Compute Engine network peering



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks peerings create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR \fB\-\-peer\-network\fR=\fIPEER_NETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-auto\-create\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-export\-custom\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-import\-custom\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-peer\-project\fR=\fIPEER_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute networks peerings create\fR is used to
create peerings between virtual networks. Each side of a peering association is
set up independently. Peering will be active only when the configuration from
both sides matches.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the peering.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The name of the network in the current project to be peered with the peer
network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-network\fR=\fIPEER_NETWORK\fR
The name of the network to be peered with the current network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-create\-routes\fR
(DEPRECATED) If set, will automatically create routes for the network peering.
Flag auto\-create\-routes is deprecated. Peer network subnet routes are always
created in a network when peered.

Flag \-\-auto\-create\-routes is deprecated and will be removed in a future
release.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-custom\-routes\fR
If set, the network will export custom routes to peer network. Use
\-\-no\-export\-custom\-routes to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR
If set, the network will export subnet routes with addresses in the public IP
ranges to peer network. Use \-\-no\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip to
disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-custom\-routes\fR
If set, the network will import custom routes from peer network. Use
\-\-no\-import\-custom\-routes to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR
If set, the network will import subnet routes with addresses in the public IP
ranges from peer network. Use \-\-no\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip
to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-project\fR=\fIPEER_PROJECT\fR
The name of the project for the peer network. If not specified, defaults to
current project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a network peering with the name 'peering\-name' between the network
\'local\-network' and the network 'peer\-network' which exports and imports
custom routes and subnet routes with public IPs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks peerings create peering\-name \e
  \-\-network=local\-network \e
  \-\-peer\-network=peer\-network \e
  \-\-export\-custom\-routes \e
  \-\-import\-custom\-routes \e
  \-\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip \e
  \-\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks peerings create
$ gcloud alpha compute networks peerings create
.RE

