
.TH "GCLOUD_IDENTITY_GROUPS_SEARCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud identity groups search \- searches for Groups matching a specified query



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud identity groups search\fR \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR (\fB\-\-customer\fR=\fICUSTOMER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR;\ default="basic"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Searches for Groups matching a specified query.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR
One or more label entries that apply to the Group. Currently supported labels
contain a key with an empty value.

Google Groups are the default type of group and have a label with a key of
\'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum' and an empty value.

Existing Google Groups can have an additional label with a key of
\'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.security' and an empty value added to
them. \fBThis is an immutable change and the security label cannot be removed
once added.\fR

Dynamic groups have a label with a key of
\'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.dynamic'.

Identity\-mapped groups for Cloud Search have a label with a key of
\'system/groups/external' and an empty value.

Examples: {"cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum": ""} or
{"system/groups/external": ""}.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-customer\fR=\fICUSTOMER\fR
The customer ID for the customer's G Suite account. Example of customer:
"C01k1e9nw"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization ID for the groups being searched.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
The maximum number of results to return.

Note that the number of results returned may be less than this value even if
there are more available results. To fetch all results, clients must continue
calling this method repeatedly until the response no longer contains a
nextPageToken.

If unspecified, defaults to 200 'basic' view and to 50 for 'full' view.

Must not be greater than 1000 for 'basic' view or 500 for 'full' view.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
The nextPageToken value returned from a previous search request, if any.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR; default="basic"
The level of detail to be returned. There are two possible views: 'basic' and
\'full'. If unspecified, default to 'basic'. \fIVIEW\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbasic\fR
Default. Only basic group information is returned.

.TP 2m
\fBfull\fR
All group information is returned.

.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To Search groups:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups search \-\-organization="5149234212"  \e
    \-\-labels="cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum"  \e
    \-\-page\-size=3  \e
    \-\-page\-token="ala9glealanal908"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups search
$ gcloud beta identity groups search
.RE

