
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-SCHEDULING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances set\-scheduling \- set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances set\-scheduling\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-clear\-min\-node\-cpu\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-node\-cpu\fR=\fIMIN_NODE_CPU\fR] [\fB\-\-preemptible\fR] [\fB\-\-[no\-]restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-node\-affinities\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-node\fR=\fINODE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-node\-affinity\-file\fR=\fINODE_AFFINITY_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-node\-group\fR=\fINODE_GROUP\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB$gcloud beta compute instances set\-scheduling\fR is used to
configure scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-min\-node\-cpu\fR
Removes the min\-node\-cpu field from the instance. If specified, the instance
min\-node\-cpu will be cleared. The instance will not be overcommitted and
utilize the full CPU count assigned.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines undergo
maintenance. The default is MIGRATE. \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBMIGRATE\fR
The instances should be migrated to a new host. This will temporarily impact the
performance of instances during a migration event.
.TP 2m
\fBTERMINATE\fR
The instances should be terminated.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-node\-cpu\fR=\fIMIN_NODE_CPU\fR
Minimum number of virtual CPUs this instance will consume when running on a
sole\-tenant node.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\fR
If provided, instances will be preemptible and time\-limited. Instances may be
preempted to free up resources for standard VM instances, and will only be able
to run for a limited amount of time. Preemptible instances can not be restarted
and will not migrate.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]restart\-on\-failure\fR
The instances will be restarted if they are terminated by Compute Engine. This
does not affect terminations performed by the user. This option is mutually
exclusive with \-\-preemptible. Use \fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to enable and
\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Sole Tenancy. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-node\-affinities\fR
Removes the node affinities field from the instance. If specified, the instance
node settings will be cleared. The instance will not be scheduled onto a
sole\-tenant node.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\fR=\fINODE\fR
The name of the node to schedule this instance on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-affinity\-file\fR=\fINODE_AFFINITY_FILE\fR
The JSON/YAML file containing the configuration of desired nodes onto which this
instance could be scheduled. These rules filter the nodes according to their
node affinity labels. A node's affinity labels come from the node template of
the group the node is in.

The file should contain a list of a JSON/YAML objects with the following fields:

.TP 2m
\fBkey\fR
Corresponds to the node affinity label keys of the Node resource.
.TP 2m
\fBoperator\fR
Specifies the node selection type. Must be one of: \f5IN\fR: Requires Compute
Engine to seek for matched nodes. \f5NOT_IN\fR: Requires Compute Engine to avoid
certain nodes.
.TP 2m
\fBvalues\fR
Optional. A list of values which correspond to the node affinity label values of
the Node resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-group\fR=\fINODE_GROUP\fR
The name of the node group to schedule this instance on.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set instance to be terminated during maintenance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances set\-scheduling example\-instance  \e
    \-\-maintenance\-policy=TERMINATE \-\-zone=us\-central1\-b
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling
$ gcloud alpha compute instances set\-scheduling
.RE

