
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APIGEE_DEPLOYMENTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta apigee deployments list \- list Apigee API proxy deployments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta apigee deployments list\fR [\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR\ \fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ \fB\-\-revision\fR=\fIREVISION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List Apigee API proxy deployments.

\f5gcloud beta apigee deployments list\fR lists deployments of API proxies,
optionally filtered by environment, proxy name, proxy revision, or a combination
of these.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- API proxy revision and environment whose deployments should
be listed. Providing a REVISION is only valid if API is also specified. If no
REVISION is provided, all deployed revisions that match the other arguments will
be included. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
The API proxy whose deployments should be listed. If not provided, all proxies
will be listed. To get a list of existing API proxies, run \f5gcloud beta apigee
apis list\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
The environment whose deployments should be listed. If not provided, all
environments will be listed. To get a list of available environments, run
\f5gcloud beta apigee environments list\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization whose deployments should be listed.If unspecified, the Cloud
Platform project's associated organization will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-revision\fR=\fIREVISION\fR
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all deployments for the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments list
.RE

To list all deployments in an Apigee organization called \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments list \-\-organization=my\-org
.RE

To list all deployments of an API proxy called \f5\fImy\-proxy\fR\fR in the
active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments list \-\-api=my\-proxy
.RE

To list all deployments to the \f5\fItest\fR\fR environment of the active Cloud
Platform project, formatted as a JSON array, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments list \-\-environment=test \e
  \-\-format=json
.RE

To list all deployments of \f5\fImy\-proxy\fR\fR to the \f5\fItest\fR\fR
environment in an Apigee organization called \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments list \-\-organization=my\-org \e
  \-\-api=my\-proxy \-\-environment=test
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee deployments list
$ gcloud alpha apigee deployments list
.RE

