
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ADD\-ACCESS\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances add\-access\-config \- create a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances add\-access\-config\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR=\fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR;\ default="external\-nat"] [\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-public\-dns\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-public\-dns\fR] [\fB\-\-public\-ptr\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\fR] [\fB\-\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR=\fIPUBLIC_PTR_DOMAIN\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances add\-access\-config\fR is used
to create access configurations for network interfaces of Google Compute Engine
virtual machines. This allows you to assign a public, external IP to a virtual
machine.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR=\fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR; default="external\-nat"
Specifies the name of the new access configuration. \f5\fIexternal\-nat\fR\fR is
used as the default if this flag is not provided. Since ONE_TO_ONE_NAT is
currently the only access\-config type, it is not recommended that you change
this value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR
Specifies the external IP address of the new access configuration. If this is
not specified, then the service will choose an available ephemeral IP address.
If an explicit IP address is given, then that IP address must be reserved by the
project and not be in use by another resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
Specifies the name of the network interface which contains the access
configuration. If this is not provided, then "nic0" is used as the default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR
Specifies the network tier of the access configuration. \f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR
must be one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The default value is
\f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-dns\fR
Assigns a public DNS name to the external IP in the access configuration. This
option can only be specified for the default network\-interface, "nic0".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-public\-dns\fR
If provided, the external IP in the access configuration will not be assigned a
public DNS name.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-ptr\fR
Creates a DNS PTR record for the external IP in the access configuration. This
option can only be specified for the default network\-interface, "nic0".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\fR
If provided, no DNS PTR record is created for the external IP in the access
configuration. Mutually exclusive with public\-ptr\-domain.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR=\fIPUBLIC_PTR_DOMAIN\fR
Assigns a custom PTR domain for the external IP in the access configuration.
Mutually exclusive with no\-public\-ptr. This option can only be specified for
the default network\-interface, "nic0".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR
If both this flag and \-\-public\-ptr are specified, creates a DNS PTR record
for the external IP in the access configuration with the PTR domain name being
the DNS name of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To assign an public, externally accessible IP to a virtual machine named
\f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR in zone \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances add\-access\-config \e
    example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

To assign the specific, reserved public IP address \f5\fI123.456.789.123\fR\fR
to the virtual machine, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances add\-access\-config \e
    example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \-\-address=123.456.789.123
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances add\-access\-config
$ gcloud beta compute instances add\-access\-config
.RE

