
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_MEMBERSHIPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container memberships create \- create a new membership



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container memberships create\fR (\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-gke\-cluster\-self\-link\fR=\fIGKE_CLUSTER_SELF_LINK\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new membership in Google Kubernetes Hub.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Membership resource \- membership resource representing a cluster in Google
Kubernetes Hub. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [membership] on the command line with a fully specified name; set
the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR
ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the membership. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the membership resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gke\-cluster\-self\-link\fR=\fIGKE_CLUSTER_SELF_LINK\fR
GKE cluster self\-link of the cluster represented by this membership; for
example,
\'//container.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/locations/us\-central1\-a/clusters/my\-cluster.'
This is only valid if the represented cluster is a GKE cluster. The provided
self\-link will be validated to confirm that it maps to the cluster represented
by this membership.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgkehub/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster\-management/connect/registering\-a\-cluster



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Create a membership for a cluster:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container memberships create a\-membership \e
    \-\-description="Description of a\-membership."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container memberships create
.RE

