
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_CONFIG\-SSH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute config\-ssh \- populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute config\-ssh\fR [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-config\-file\fR=\fISSH_CONFIG_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute config\-ssh\fR makes SSHing to virtual
machine instances easier by adding an alias for each instance to the user SSH
configuration (\f5~/.ssh/config\fR) file.

In most cases, it is sufficient to run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute config\-ssh
.RE

Each instance will be given an alias of the form \f5NAME.ZONE.PROJECT\fR. For
example, if \f5example\-instance\fR resides in \f5us\-central1\-a\fR, you can
SSH to it by running:

.RS 2m
$ ssh example\-instance.us\-central1\-a.MY\-PROJECT
.RE

On some platforms, the host alias can be tab\-completed, making the long alias
less daunting to type.

The aliases created interface with SSH\-based programs like \fBscp(1)\fR, so it
is possible to use the aliases elsewhere:

.RS 2m
$ scp ~/MY\-FILE example\-instance.us\-central1\-a.MY\-PROJECT:~
.RE

Whenever instances are added, removed, or their external IP addresses are
changed, this command should be re\-executed to update the configuration.

This command ensures that the user's public SSH key is present in the project's
metadata. If the user does not have a public SSH key, one is generated using
\fBssh\-keygen(1)\fR (if the \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag is given, the generated key
will have an empty passphrase).



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, the proposed changes to the SSH config file are printed to standard
output and no actual changes are made.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled, the gcloud command\-line tool will regenerate and overwrite the
files associated with a broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both
interactive and non\-interactive environments.

If disabled, the files associated with a broken SSH key will not be regenerated
and will fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environments.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\fR
If provided, any changes made to the SSH config file by this tool are reverted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-config\-file\fR=\fISSH_CONFIG_FILE\fR
Specifies an alternative per\-user SSH configuration file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/config\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute config\-ssh
$ gcloud beta compute config\-ssh
.RE

