
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_EXPORT_BAK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql export bak \- export data from a Cloud SQL instance to a BAK file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql export bak\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR \fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...], \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Google Cloud Storage
bucket as a BAK backup file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
The path to the file in Google Cloud Storage where the export will be stored.
The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/fileName. If the file already exists, the
operation fails.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...], \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...]
Database from which the export is made. Information on requirements can be found
here:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/sqlserver/admin\-api/v1beta4/instances/export#exportContext.databases


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export data from the database \f5my\-database\fR in the Cloud SQL instance
\f5my\-instance\fR to a BAK file \f5my\-bucket/my\-export.bak\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta sql export bak my\-instance \e
    gs://my\-bucket/my\-export.bak \-\-database=my\-database
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql export bak
$ gcloud alpha sql export bak
.RE

