
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSET_EXPORT\-IAM\-POLICY\-ANALYSIS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta asset export\-iam\-policy\-analysis \- export IAM policy analysis that match a request to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta asset export\-iam\-policy\-analysis\fR \fB\-\-output\-path\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-full\-resource\-name\fR=\fIFULL_RESOURCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-identity\fR=\fIIDENTITY\fR] [\fB\-\-analyze\-service\-account\-impersonation\fR\ \fB\-\-expand\-groups\fR\ \fB\-\-expand\-resources\fR\ \fB\-\-expand\-roles\fR\ \fB\-\-output\-group\-edges\fR\ \fB\-\-output\-resource\-edges\fR] [\fB\-\-permissions\fR=[\fIPERMISSIONS\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-roles\fR=[\fIROLES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export IAM policy analysis that matches a request to Google Cloud
Storage.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

The destination path for exporting IAM policy analysis. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-path\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI where the results will go. URI must start with "gs://".
For example, "gs://bucket_name/object_name"

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The folder ID to perform the analysis.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The organization ID to perform the analysis.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project ID or number to perform the analysis.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Specifies a resource for analysis. Leaving it empty means ANY.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-full\-resource\-name\fR=\fIFULL_RESOURCE_NAME\fR
The full resource name.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifies an identity for analysis. Leaving it empty means ANY.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-identity\fR=\fIIDENTITY\fR
The identity appearing in the form of members in the IAM policy binding.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

The analysis options.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-analyze\-service\-account\-impersonation\fR
If true, the response will include access analysis from identities to resources
via service account impersonation. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expand\-groups\fR
If true, the identities section of the result will expand any Google groups
appearing in an IAM policy binding. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expand\-resources\fR
If true, the resource section of the result will expand any resource attached to
an IAM policy to include resources lower in the resource hierarchy. Default is
false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expand\-roles\fR
If true, the access section of result will expand any roles appearing in IAM
policy bindings to include their permissions. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-group\-edges\fR
If true, the result will output group identity edges, starting from the
binding's group members, to any expanded identities. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-resource\-edges\fR
If true, the result will output resource edges, starting from the policy
attached resource, to any expanded resources. Default is false.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifies roles or permissions for analysis. Leaving it empty means ANY.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permissions\fR=[\fIPERMISSIONS\fR,...]
The permissions to appear in the result.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-roles\fR=[\fIROLES\fR,...]
The roles to appear in the result.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To find out which users have been granted the iam.serviceAccounts.actAs
permission on a service account, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset export\-iam\-policy\-analysis \e
    \-\-organization=YOUR_ORG_ID \e
    \-\-full\-resource\-name=YOUR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_FULL_RESOURCE_NAME \e
    \-\-permissions='iam.serviceAccounts.actAs' \e
    \-\-output\-path='gs://YOUR_BUCKET_NAME/YOUR_OBJECT_NAME'
.RE

To find out which resources a user can access, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset export\-iam\-policy\-analysis \e
    \-\-organization=YOUR_ORG_ID \-\-identity='user:u1@foo.com' \e
    \-\-output\-path='gs://YOUR_BUCKET_NAME/YOUR_OBJECT_NAME'
.RE

To find out which roles or permissions a user has been granted on a project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset export\-iam\-policy\-analysis \e
    \-\-organization=YOUR_ORG_ID \e
    \-\-full\-resource\-name=YOUR_PROJECT_FULL_RESOURCE_NAME \e
    \-\-identity='user:u1@foo.com' \e
    \-\-output\-path='gs://YOUR_BUCKET_NAME/YOUR_OBJECT_NAME'
.RE

To find out which users have been granted the iam.serviceAccounts.actAs
permission on any applicable resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset export\-iam\-policy\-analysis \e
    \-\-organization=YOUR_ORG_ID \e
    \-\-permissions='iam.serviceAccounts.actAs' \e
    \-\-output\-path='gs://YOUR_BUCKET_NAME/YOUR_OBJECT_NAME'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

