
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_PUBLISH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub topics publish \- publishes a message to the specified topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub topics publish\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR] [\fB\-\-attribute\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-message\fR=\fIMESSAGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Publishes a message to the specified topic name for testing and
troubleshooting. Use with caution: all associated subscribers must be able to
consume and acknowledge any message you publish, otherwise the system will
continuously re\-attempt delivery of the bad message for 7 days.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
Name of the topic to publish messages to.

.TP 2m
[\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR]
(DEPRECATED) The body of the message to publish to the given topic name.
Information on message formatting and size limits can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/publisher#publish

Positional argument \f5MESSAGE_BODY\fR is deprecated. Please use
\f5\-\-message\fR instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attribute\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of attributes. Each ATTRIBUTE has the form name=value".
You can specify up to 100 attributes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\fR=\fIMESSAGE\fR
The body of the message to publish to the given topic name. Information on
message formatting and size limits can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/publisher#publish


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To publish messages in a batch to a specific Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics publish mytopic "Hello World!" \e
    \-\-attribute KEY1=VAL1,KEY2=VAL2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics publish
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics publish
.RE

