
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys \- create and manage keys



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

A key represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic operations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
Create and manage versions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add IAM policy binding for a kms key.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a new key.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Get metadata for a given key.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List the keys within a keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove IAM policy binding for a kms key.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-rotation\-schedule\fR
Remove the rotation schedule for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-primary\-version\fR
Set the primary version of a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-rotation\-schedule\fR
Update the rotation schedule for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update a key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys
$ gcloud beta kms keys
.RE

