
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_TRANSACTION_ADD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction add \- append a record\-set addition to the transaction



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction add\fR \fIDATA\fR [\fIDATA\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR \fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR;\ default="transaction.yaml"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command appends a record\-set addition to the transaction.

For a guide detailing how to manage records, see:
https://cloud.google.com/dns/records/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATA\fR [\fIDATA\fR ...]
DNS data (Address/CNAME/MX info, etc.) of the record\-set to add. This is RDATA;
the format of this information varies depending on the type and class of the
resource record.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
DNS or domain name of the record\-set to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR
TTL (time to live) for the record\-set to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
DNS record type of the record\-set to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR; default="transaction.yaml"
Path of the file which contains the transaction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an A record with an IP address of "1.2.3.4", domain name of "my.domain.",
and a managed zone "MANAGED_ZONE", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction add "1.2.3.4" \e
    \-\-name my.domain. \-\-ttl 1234 \e
    \-\-type A \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To add a TXT record with multiple data values while specifying time to live as
14400 seconds, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction add "Hello world" \e
    "Bye world" \-\-name my.domain.
    \-\-ttl 14400 \-\-type TXT \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction add
.RE

