
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_REMOVE\-ROTATION\-SCHEDULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys remove\-rotation\-schedule \- remove the rotation schedule for a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys remove\-rotation\-schedule\fR \fIKEY\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Removes the rotation schedule for the given key.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key from which to clear the rotation schedule.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command removes the rotation schedule for the key named
\f5frodo\fR within the keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5global\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys remove\-rotation\-schedule frodo \e
    \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys remove\-rotation\-schedule
$ gcloud beta kms keys remove\-rotation\-schedule
.RE

