
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_IMAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute images \- list, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute images\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for an image.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add labels to Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdeprecate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage deprecation status of Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\-from\-family\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe the latest image from an image family.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Export a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Import an image into Google Compute Engine.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for an image.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove labels from Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a disk image.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine image.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images
$ gcloud alpha compute images
.RE

