
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI\-PLATFORM_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai\-platform locations describe \- display AI Platform capabilities in a location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai\-platform locations describe\fR \fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display AI Platform capabilities in a location.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- The location you want to show details for. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [location] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILOCATION\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west4\fR,
\fBus\-central1\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

