
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_VERSIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app versions \- view and manage your App Engine versions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app versions\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This set of commands can be used to view and manage your existing
App Engine versions.

To create new deployments, use \f5gcloud beta app deploy\fR.

For more information on App Engine versions, see:
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/python/an\-overview\-of\-app\-engine



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbrowse\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Open the specified versions in a browser.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a specified version.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display all data about an existing version.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List your existing versions.

.TP 2m
\fBmigrate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Migrate traffic from one version to another for a set of services.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Start serving specified versions.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Stop serving specified versions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your deployed versions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app versions list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app versions
.RE

