
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_INSTANCES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql instances export \- exports data from a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql instances export\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...],\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...],\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance.

This command is deprecated and will be removed in version 205.0.0. Use \f5gcloud
sql export sql\fR instead.

Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Google Cloud Storage bucket as a
MySQL dump file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
The path to the file in Google Cloud Storage where the export will be stored.
The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/fileName. If the file already exists, the
operation fails. If the filename ends with .gz, the contents are compressed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...], \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...]
Database(s) from which the export is made. Information on requirements can be
found here:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/admin\-api/v1beta4/instances/export#exportContext.databases

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...], \fB\-t\fR \fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...]
Tables to export from the specified database. If you specify tables, specify one
and only one database. For Postgres instances, only one table can be exported at
a time.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances export
$ gcloud alpha sql instances export
.RE

