
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSURED_WORKLOADS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta assured workloads update \- update Assured Workloads environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta assured workloads update\fR (\fIWORKLOAD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) (\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a given Assured Workloads environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workload resource \- The Assured Workloads environment resource to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKLOAD\fR
ID of the workload or fully qualified identifier for the workload. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location for the workload.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization for the workload.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Settings that can be updated on the Assured Workloads environment. At least one
of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The new display name of the Assured Workloads environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The new labels of the Assured Workloads environment, for example,
LabelKey1=LabelValue1,LabelKey2=LabelValue2


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR
The etag acquired by reading the Assured Workloads environment before updating.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a given Assured Workloads environment in the us\-central1 region,
belonging to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456 and an etag of
789 with a new display name of 'Test\-Workload\-2' and a new set of labels
(including any required existing labels) of (key = 'ExistingLabelKey1', value =
\'ExistingLabelValue1') and (key = 'NewLabelKey2', value = 'NewLabelValue2'),
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta assured workloads update \e
    organizations/123/locations/us\-central1/workloads/456 \e
    \-\-display\-name=Test\-Workload\-2 \e
    \-\-labels=ExistingLabelKey1=ExistingLabelValue1,\e
NewLabelKey2=NewLabelValue2 \-\-etag=789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha assured workloads update
.RE

