
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions \- manage Cloud Pubsub subscriptions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Pubsub subscriptions.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBack\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Acknowledges one or more messages on the specified subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describes a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.

.TP 2m
\fBmodify\-ack\-deadline\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud
Pub/Sub message.

.TP 2m
\fBmodify\-message\-ack\-deadline\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud Pub/Sub message.

.TP 2m
\fBmodify\-push\-config\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Modifies the push configuration of a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBpull\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Pulls one or more Cloud Pub/Sub messages from a subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a subscription.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions
.RE

