
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_UPDATE\-BGP\-PEER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute routers update\-bgp\-peer \- update a BGP peer on a Google Compute Engine router



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute routers update\-bgp\-peer\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-peer\-name\fR=\fIPEER_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-advertised\-route\-priority\fR=\fIADVERTISED_ROUTE_PRIORITY\fR] [\fB\-\-advertisement\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-interface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR] [\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-peer\-asn\fR=\fIPEER_ASN\fR] [\fB\-\-peer\-ip\-address\fR=\fIPEER_IP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute routers update\-bgp\-peer\fR is used to
update a BGP peer on a Google Compute Engine router.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the router to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-name\fR=\fIPEER_NAME\fR
The name of the new BGP peer being updated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-advertised\-route\-priority\fR=\fIADVERTISED_ROUTE_PRIORITY\fR
The priority of routes advertised to this BGP peer. In the case where there is
more than one matching route of maximum length, the routes with lowest priority
value win. 0 <= priority <= 65535. If not specified, will use Google\-managed
priorities.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-advertisement\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
The new advertisement mode for this peer. \fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCUSTOM\fR
Custom (user\-configured) BGP advertisements.
.TP 2m
\fBDEFAULT\fR
Default (Google\-managed) BGP advertisements.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR
The name of the interface for this BGP peer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR
The link\-local address of the Cloud Router interface for this BGP peer. Must be
a link\-local IPv4 address belonging to the range 169.254.0.0/16 and must belong
to same subnet as the interface address of the peer router.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-asn\fR=\fIPEER_ASN\fR
The BGP autonomous system number (ASN) for this BGP peer. For more information
see: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6996.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-ip\-address\fR=\fIPEER_IP_ADDRESS\fR
The link\-local address of the peer router. Must be a link\-local IPv4 address
belonging to the range 169.254.0.0/16.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the router to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]
The list of pre\-defined groups of IP ranges to dynamically advertise on this
peer. This list can only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

\fIGROUP\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBALL_SUBNETS\fR
Automatically advertise all available subnets.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]
The list of individual IP ranges, in CIDR format, to dynamically advertise on
this peer. Each IP range can (optionally) be given a text description DESC. For
example, to advertise a specific range, use
\f5\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24\fR. To store a description
with the range, use
\f5\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24=my\-networks\fR. This list can
only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]
A list of pre\-defined groups of IP ranges to dynamically advertise on this
peer. This list is appended to any existing advertisements. This field can only
be specified in custom advertisement mode.

\fIGROUP\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.TP 2m
\fBALL_SUBNETS\fR
Automatically advertise all available subnets.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]
A list of individual IP ranges, in CIDR format, to dynamically advertise on this
peer. This list is appended to any existing advertisements. Each IP range can
(optionally) be given a text description DESC. For example, to advertise a
specific range, use \f5\-\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24\fR. To store a
description with the range, use
\f5\-\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24=my\-networks\fR. This list can only
be specified in custom advertisement mode.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]
A list of pre\-defined groups of IP ranges to remove from dynamic advertisement
on this peer. Each group in the list must exist in the current set of custom
advertisements. This field can only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

\fIGROUP\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.TP 2m
\fBALL_SUBNETS\fR
Automatically advertise all available subnets.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
A list of individual IP ranges, in CIDR format, to remove from dynamic
advertisement on this peer. Each IP range in the list must exist in the current
set of custom advertisements. This field can only be specified in custom
advertisement mode.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers update\-bgp\-peer
$ gcloud alpha compute routers update\-bgp\-peer
.RE

