
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-TAGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances remove\-tags \- remove tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances remove\-tags\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances remove\-tags\fR is used to remove
tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to set tags on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all tags from the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies strings to be removed from the instance tags. Multiple tags can be
removed by repeating this flag.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to set tags on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove tags \f5\fItag\-1\fR\fR and \f5\fItag\-2\fR\fR from an instance named
\f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances remove\-tags test\-instance \e
    \-\-tags=tag\-1,tag\-2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances remove\-tags
$ gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-tags
.RE

