
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute images update \- update a Google Compute Engine image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute images update\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute images update\fR updates labels for a
Google Compute image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
Name of the disk image to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with key
\f5\fIk3\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images update example\-image \e
    \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

.RS 2m
k0 and k1 will be added as new labels if not already present.
.RE

Labels can be used to identify the image and to filter them like:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list only the labels when describing a resource, use \-\-format:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images describe example\-image \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images update
$ gcloud beta compute images update
.RE

