
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner operations describe \- describe a Cloud Spanner operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\-ID\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Spanner operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\-ID\fR
ID of the operation


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance the operation is executing on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR
For a database operation, the name of the database the operation is executing
on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner operations describe
$ gcloud beta spanner operations describe
.RE

