
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-instances delete \- delete target instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-instances delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-instances delete\fR deletes one or
more Google Compute Engine target instances. Target instances can be deleted
only if they are not being used by any other resources like forwarding rules.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the target instances to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the target instances to delete. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-instances delete
$ gcloud beta compute target\-instances delete
.RE

