
.TH "GCLOUD_PUBSUB_TOPICS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud pubsub topics update \- updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud pubsub topics update\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy\fR] [\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-keyring\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-location\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Name of the topic to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [topic] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Message storage policy options. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
A list of one or more Cloud regions where messages are allowed to be stored at
rest.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy\fR
If given, Cloud Pub/Sub will recompute the regions where messages can be stored
at rest, based on your organization's "Resource Location Restriction" policy.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the topic. The specified Cloud KMS key should have purpose set
to "ENCRYPT_DECRYPT". The service account,
"service\-${CONSUMER_PROJECT_NUMBER}@gcp\-sa\-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
requires the IAM cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter role for the given Cloud KMS key.
CONSUMER_PROJECT_NUMBER is the project number of the project that is the parent
of the topic being updated. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-keyring\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-location\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update existing labels on a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update mytopic \e
  \-\-update\-labels=KEY1=VAL1,KEY2=VAL2
.RE

To clear all labels on a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update mytopic \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To remove an existing label on a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update mytopic \-\-remove\-labels=KEY1,KEY2
.RE

To enable customer\-managed encryption for a Cloud Pub/Sub topic by protecting
message data with a Cloud KMS CryptoKey, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update mytopic \e
  \-\-topic\-encryption\-key=projects/PROJECT_ID/locations/\e
KMS_LOCATION/keyRings/KEYRING/cryptoKeys/KEY
.RE

To update a Cloud Pub/Sub topic's message storage policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update mytopic \e
  \-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions=some\-cloud\-region1,\e
some\-cloud\-region2
.RE

To recompute a Cloud Pub/Sub topic's message storage policy based on your
organization's "Resource Location Restriction" policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update mytopic \e
  \-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics update
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update
.RE

