
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAFLOW_LOGS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataflow logs list \- retrieve the job logs for a specific job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataflow logs list\fR \fIJOB_ID\fR [\fB\-\-after\fR=\fIAFTER\fR] [\fB\-\-before\fR=\fIBEFORE\fR] [\fB\-\-importance\fR=\fIIMPORTANCE\fR;\ default="warning"] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieves the job logs from a specified job using the Dataflow
Messages API with at least the specified importance level. Can also be used to
display logs between a given time period using the \-\-before and \-\-after
flags. These logs are produced by the service and are distinct from worker logs.
Worker logs can be found in Cloud Logging.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB_ID\fR
The job ID to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-after\fR=\fIAFTER\fR
Only display messages logged after the given time. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on time formats. For example, \f52018\-01\-01\fR is the first
day of the year, and \f5\-P2W\fR is 2 weeks ago.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-before\fR=\fIBEFORE\fR
Only display messages logged before the given time. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-importance\fR=\fIIMPORTANCE\fR; default="warning"
Minimum importance a message must have to be displayed. \fIIMPORTANCE\fR must be
one of: \fBdebug\fR, \fBdetailed\fR, \fBwarning\fR, \fBerror\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR
The region ID of the job's regional endpoint.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Retrieve only error logs:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow logs list \-\-importance=error
.RE

Retrieve all logs after some date:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow logs list \-\-after="2016\-08\-12 00:00:00"
.RE

Retrieve logs from this year:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow logs list \-\-after=2018\-01\-01
.RE

Retrieve logs more than a week old:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow logs list \-\-before=\-P1W
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow logs list
.RE

