
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTPS\-PROXIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-https\-proxies update \- update a target HTTPS proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-https\-proxies update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-quic\-override\fR=\fIQUIC_OVERRIDE\fR] [\fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR,[...]] [\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-ssl\-policy\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-ssl\-policy\fR=\fISSL_POLICY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute target\-https\-proxies update\fR is used to change the SSL
certificate and/or URL map of existing target HTTPS proxies. A target HTTPS
proxy is referenced by one or more forwarding rules which specify the network
traffic that the proxy is responsible for routing. The target HTTPS proxy in
turn points to a URL map that defines the rules for routing the requests. The
URL map's job is to map URLs to backend services which handle the actual
requests. The target HTTPS proxy also points to at most 15 SSL certificates used
for server\-side authentication. The target HTTPS proxy can be associated with
at most one SSL policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target HTTPS proxy to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quic\-override\fR=\fIQUIC_OVERRIDE\fR
Controls whether load balancer may negotiate QUIC with clients. QUIC is a new
transport which reduces latency compared to that of TCP. See
https://www.chromium.org/quic for more details. \fIQUIC_OVERRIDE\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBDISABLE\fR
Disallows load balancer to negotiate QUIC with clients.
.TP 2m
\fBENABLE\fR
Allows load balancer to negotiate QUIC with clients.
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
Allows Google to control when QUIC is rolled out.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR,[...]
References to at most 15 SSL certificate resources that are used for
server\-side authentication. The first SSL certificate in this list is
considered the primary SSL certificate associated with the load balancer. The
SSL certificates must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a target
HTTPS proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource that defines the mapping of URLs to backend
services. The URL map must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target HTTPS proxy.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-ssl\-policy\fR
Removes any attached SSL policy from the HTTPS proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-policy\fR=\fISSL_POLICY\fR
A reference to an SSL policy resource that defines the server\-side support for
SSL features and affects the connections between clients and the HTTPS proxy
load balancer. The SSL policy must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced
by a target HTTPS proxy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-https\-proxies update
$ gcloud beta compute target\-https\-proxies update
.RE

