
.TH "GCLOUD_SCC_FINDINGS_UPDATE\-MARKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud scc findings update\-marks \- update Cloud Security Command Center finding's security marks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud scc findings update\-marks\fR (\fIFINDING\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ \fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR) [\fB\-\-security\-marks\fR=[\fISECURITY_MARKS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-mask\fR=\fIUPDATE_MASK\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update Cloud Security Command Center finding's security marks.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Finding resource \- The finding you want to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFINDING\fR
ID of the finding or fully qualified identifier for the finding. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
(Optional) If the full resource name isn't provided e.g. organizations/123, then
provide the organization id which is the suffix of the organization. Example:
organizations/123, the id is 123.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
(Optional) If the full resource name isn't provided e.g.
organizations/123/sources/456, then provide the source id which is the suffix of
the source. Example: organizations/123/sources/456, the id is 456.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-marks\fR=[\fISECURITY_MARKS\fR,...]
SecurityMarks resource to be passed as the request body. It's a key=value pair
separated by comma (,). For example: \-\-security\-marks="key1=val1,key2=val2".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Time at which the updated SecurityMarks take effect. For example:
2019\-02\-28T07:00:00Z

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-mask\fR=\fIUPDATE_MASK\fR
Use update\-mask if you want to selectively update marks represented by
\-\-security\-marks flag. For example: \-\-update\-mask="marks.key1,marks.key2".
If you want to override all the marks for the given finding either skip the
update\-mask flag or provide an empty value (\-\-update\-mask '') for it.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Selectively update security mark (Key1) with value (v1) on my\-finding. Note
that other security marks on my\-finding are untouched:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings update\-marks my\-finding \e
    \-\-organization=123456 \-\-source=5678 \-\-security\-marks="key1=v1" \e
    \-\-update\-mask="marks.markKey1"
.RE

Update all security marks on my\-finding, under organization 123456 and source
5678:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings update\-marks my\-finding \e
    \-\-organization=123456 \-\-source=5678 \e
    \-\-security\-marks="key1=v1,key2=v2"
.RE

Delete all security marks on my\-finding:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings update\-marks my\-finding \e
    \-\-organization=123456 \-\-source=5678 \-\-security\-marks=""
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings update\-marks
$ gcloud beta scc findings update\-marks
.RE

