
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_SSL_SERVER\-CA\-CERTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql ssl server\-ca\-certs \- provide commands for managing server CA certs of Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql ssl server\-ca\-certs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide commands for managing server CA certs of Cloud SQL
instances, including creating, listing, rotating in, and rolling back certs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a server CA cert for a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all server CA certs for a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBrollback\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Roll back to the previous server CA cert for a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBrotate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Rotate in the upcoming server CA cert for a Cloud SQL instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta sql ssl server\-ca\-certs
.RE

