
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets delete \- delete a secret



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets delete\fR \fISECRET\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a secret and destroy all secret versions. This action is
irreversable. If the given secret does not exist, this command will succeed, but
the operation will be a no\-op.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Secret resource \- The secret to delete. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [SECRET] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECRET\fR
ID of the secret or fully qualified identifier for the secret.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Delete a secret 'my\-secret':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets delete my\-secret
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets delete
.RE

