
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app domain\-mappings update \- updates a domain mapping



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app domain\-mappings update\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\fB\-\-certificate\-management\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR] [\fB\-\-certificate\-id\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-certificate\-id\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Updates a domain mapping.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
A valid domain which may begin with a wildcard, such as: \f5example.com\fR or
\f5\fB.example.com\fR


\fR
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-management\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR
Type of certificate management. 'automatic' will provision an SSL certificate
automatically while 'manual' requires the user to provide a certificate id to
provision. \fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR must be one of: \fBautomatic\fR,
\fBmanual\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-id\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_ID\fR
A certificate id to use for this domain. May not be used on a domain mapping
with automatically managed certificates. Use the \f5gcloud app ssl\-certificates
list\fR to see available certificates for this app.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-certificate\-id\fR
Do not associate any certificate with this domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update an App Engine domain mapping, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings update '*.example.com'           \e
          \-\-certificate\-id=1234
.RE

To remove a certificate from a domain:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings update '*.example.com'           \e
          \-\-no\-certificate\-id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings update
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings update
.RE

