
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_GET\-PUBLIC\-KEY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys versions get\-public\-key \- get the public key for a given version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys versions get\-public\-key\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns the PEM\-format public key for the specified asymmetric
key version.

The optional flag \f5output\-file\fR indicates the path to store PEM. If not
specified. PEM will be printed to stdout.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to get public key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR
Path to the output file to store PEM.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command saves the public key for CryptoKey \f5frodo\fR Version 2
to '/tmp/my/pem.file':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions get\-public\-key 2 \e
\-\-key frodo \e
\-\-keyring fellowship \e
\-\-location us\-east1 \e
\-\-output\-file /tmp/my/pem.file
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

