
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta debug snapshots describe \- describe the debug snapshots for a Cloud Debugger debug target         (debuggee)



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta debug snapshots describe\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta debug snapshots describe\fR is used to describe the
debug snapshots for a Cloud Debugger debug target (debuggee). If the snapshot
has completed, the output will include details on the stack trace and local
variables, stored in a compact form which is primarily intended to be
machine\-readable rather than human\-readable.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more snapshot resource identifiers. The specified snapshots will be
displayed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against snapshot locations. All snapshots matching
this value will be displayed. You may specify \-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud beta debug snapshots describe \e
    \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:4
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the debug snapshots for snapshots with IDs 'ID1' and 'ID2' of the
debug target (debuggee), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots describe ID1 ID2 \-\-target=<debuggee_id>
.RE

To describe all active snapshots in file main.py of the debug target (debuggee),
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots describe \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \e
    \-\-location="main.py:.*"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots describe
.RE

