
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a kms key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIKEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Removes a policy binding from the IAM policy of a kms key. One binding consists
of a member and a role.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Key resource \- The key to remove the IAM policy binding. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [key] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudkms/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/kms/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the key frodo with the keyring fellowship and
location global, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding frodo \e
    \-\-keyring='fellowship' \-\-location='global' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

