
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTPS\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-https\-proxies create \- create a target HTTPS proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-https\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-bind\fR] [\fB\-\-quic\-override\fR=\fIQUIC_OVERRIDE\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR,[...]] [\fB\-\-ssl\-policy\fR=\fISSL_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\-ssl\-certificates\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\-region\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATES_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\-url\-map\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-url\-map\-region\fR=\fIURL_MAP_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-https\-proxies create\fR is used
to create target HTTPS proxies. A target HTTPS proxy is referenced by one or
more forwarding rules which specify the network traffic that the proxy is
responsible for routing. The target HTTPS proxy points to a URL map that defines
the rules for routing the requests. The URL map's job is to map URLs to backend
services which handle the actual requests. The target HTTPS proxy also points to
at most 15 SSL certificates used for server\-side authentication. The target
HTTPS proxy can be associated with at most one SSL policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target HTTPS proxy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource. A URL map defines the mapping of URLs to
backend services. Before you can refer to a URL map, you must create the URL
map. To delete a URL map that a target proxy is referring to, you must first
delete the target HTTPS proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target HTTPS proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-bind\fR
This flag applies when the load_balancing_scheme of the associated backend
service is INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED. When specified, the envoy binds to the
forwarding rule's IP address and port. By default, this flag is off.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quic\-override\fR=\fIQUIC_OVERRIDE\fR; default="NONE"
Controls whether load balancer may negotiate QUIC with clients. QUIC is a new
transport which reduces latency compared to that of TCP. See
https://www.chromium.org/quic for more details. \fIQUIC_OVERRIDE\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBDISABLE\fR
Disallows load balancer to negotiate QUIC with clients.
.TP 2m
\fBENABLE\fR
Allows load balancer to negotiate QUIC with clients.
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
Allows Google to control when QUIC is rolled out.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR,[...]
References to at most 15 SSL certificate resources that are used for
server\-side authentication. The first SSL certificate in this list is
considered the primary SSL certificate associated with the load balancer. The
SSL certificates must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a target
HTTPS proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-policy\fR=\fISSL_POLICY\fR
A reference to an SSL policy resource that defines the server\-side support for
SSL features and affects the connections between clients and the HTTPS proxy
load balancer. The SSL policy must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced
by a target HTTPS proxy.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the target HTTPS proxy is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the target HTTPS proxy to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-ssl\-certificates\fR
If set, the ssl certificates are global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\-region\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATES_REGION\fR
Region of the ssl certificates to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-url\-map\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\-region\fR=\fIURL_MAP_REGION\fR
Region of the URL map to operate on. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

If there is an already\-created URL map with the name URL_MAP and a SSL
certificate named SSL_CERTIFICATE, create a global target HTTPS proxy pointing
to this map by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-https\-proxies create PROXY_NAME \e
    \-\-url\-map=URL_MAP \-\-ssl\-certificates=SSL_CERTIFIFCATE
.RE

Create a regional target HTTPS proxy by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-https\-proxies create PROXY_NAME \e
    \-\-url\-map=URL_MAP \-\-ssl\-certificates=SSL_CERTIFIFCATE \e
    \-\-region=REGION_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-https\-proxies create
$ gcloud beta compute target\-https\-proxies create
.RE

