
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SSL\-POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies delete \- delete Google Compute Engine SSL policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies delete\fR is used to delete
one or more Google Compute Engine SSL policies. SSL policies can only be deleted
when no other resources (e.g., Target HTTPS proxies, Target SSL proxies) refer
to them.

An SSL policy specifies the server\-side support for SSL features. An SSL policy
can be attached to a TargetHttpsProxy or a TargetSslProxy. This affects
connections between clients and the HTTPS or SSL proxy load balancer. SSL
policies do not affect the connection between the load balancers and the
backends.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the SSL policies to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssl\-policies delete
$ gcloud beta compute ssl\-policies delete
.RE

