
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECAPTCHA_KEYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recaptcha keys create \- create a Key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recaptcha keys create\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR ([\fB\-\-android\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-package\-names\fR=[\fIPACKAGE_NAMES\fR,...]]\ |\ [\fB\-\-ios\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-bundle\-ids\fR=[\fIBUNDLE_IDS\fR,...]]\ |\ [\fB\-\-web\fR\ (\fB\-\-allow\-all\-domains\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-domains\fR=[\fIDOMAINS\fR,...])\ :\ \fB\-\-allow\-amp\-traffic\fR\ \fB\-\-integration\-type\fR=\fIINTEGRATION_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-security\-preference\fR=\fISECURITY_PREFERENCE\fR]) [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a reCAPTCHA Key.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A human\-readable name for the key. Typically a site or app name.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Options for the creation of a site key for Android.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-android\fR
Creates a Key configured for Android devices. This flag must be specified if any
of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-package\-names\fR=[\fIPACKAGE_NAMES\fR,...]
Android package names of apps allowed to use the key.

Examples of valid package names: 'com.companyname.appname'

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Options for the creation of a site key for iOS.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ios\fR
Creates a Key configured for iOS devices. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bundle\-ids\fR=[\fIBUNDLE_IDS\fR,...]
iOS bundle ids of apps allowed to use the key.

Examples of valid bundle ids: 'com.companyname.productname.appname'

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Options for the creation of a site key for web.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-web\fR
Creates a Key configured for websites. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\-amp\-traffic\fR
Whether this key can be used on AMP (Accelerated Mobile Pages) websites.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-integration\-type\fR=\fIINTEGRATION_TYPE\fR
Configures how reCAPTCHA will operate on your site. This only applies to 'web'
platform. \fIINTEGRATION_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcheckbox\fR
Renders the classic "I'm not a robot" checkbox, and a captcha challenge for low
scoring events

.TP 2m
\fBinvisible\fR
Does not display the "I'm not a robot" checkbox, but may show CAPTCHA challenges
after risk analysis

.TP 2m
\fBscore\fR
Shows no CAPTCHA challenge on the page

.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-preference\fR=\fISECURITY_PREFERENCE\fR
Represents the possible challenge frequency and difficulty configurations for a
web key. usability: show fewer and easier challenges. balance: show balanced (in
amount and difficulty) challenges. security: show more and harder challenges.

\fISECURITY_PREFERENCE\fR must be one of: \fBbalance\fR,
\fBchallenge\-security\-preference\-unspecified\fR, \fBsecurity\fR,
\fBusability\fR.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\-all\-domains\fR
If set, domain name enforcemente will NOT be enabled on this key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-domains\fR=[\fIDOMAINS\fR,...]
Domains or subdomains of websites allowed to use the key. All subdomains of an
allowed domain are automatically allowed. A valid domain requires a host and
must not include any path, port, query or fragment.

Examples of valid domains: 'example.com' 'subdomain.example.com'


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrecaptchaenterprise/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha\-enterprise/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

