
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FIRESTORE_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta firestore export \- export Cloud Firestore documents to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta firestore export\fR \fIOUTPUT_URI_PREFIX\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-collection\-ids\fR=[\fICOLLECTION_IDS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR export Cloud Firestore documents to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOUTPUT_URI_PREFIX\fR
Location where the export files will be stored. Must be a valid Google Cloud
Storage bucket with an optional path prefix.

For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore export gs://mybucket/my/path
.RE

Will place the export in the \f5mybucket\fR bucket in objects prefixed with
\f5my/path\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collection\-ids\fR=[\fICOLLECTION_IDS\fR,...]
A list specifying which collections will be included in the operation. When
omitted, all collections are included.

For example, to operate on only the 'customers' and 'orders' collections:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore export \-\-collection\-ids='customers','orders'
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firestore export
.RE

