
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_DAGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments storage dags delete \- delete DAG files from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments storage dags delete\fR [\fITARGET\fR] (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete DAG files from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage
bucket.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fITARGET\fR]
A relative path to a file or subdirectory to delete within the dags Cloud
Storage subdirectory. If not specified, the entire contents of the dags
subdirectory will be deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment whose DAGs to delete.. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [\-\-environment] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
The ID of the environment or a fully qualified identifier for the environment.
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine zone in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

