
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_REALMS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers realms create \- create a Realm



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers realms create\fR (\fIREALM\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Game Server Realm.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create Realm 'my\-realm' in project 'my\-project' with location in
\'my\-location' and time zone 'UTC', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers realms create my\-realm \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-location=my\-location \-\-time\-zone=UTC \e
    \-\-labels=a=x,b=y
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Realm resource \- Cloud Game Server Realm to create. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [realm] on the command line with a
fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREALM\fR
ID of the realm or fully qualified identifier for the realm. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR
Time zone where all realm\-specific policies are evaluated. The value of this
field must be from the IANA time zone database:
https://www.iana.org/time\-zones.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Game server realm description.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud game servers realms create
$ gcloud beta game servers realms create
.RE

