
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILD\-ARTIFACTS_REPOSITORIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories \- manage Cloud Build Artifacts repositories



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of a Cloud Build
Artifacts repository.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Build Artifacts repository.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Build Artifacts repository.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for a Cloud Build Artifacts repository.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Build Artifacts repositories.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from the IAM policy of a Cloud Build
Artifacts repository.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Build Artifacts repository.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a repository with the name \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories create my\-repo
.RE

To delete a repository with the name \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories delete my\-repo
.RE

To list all Cloud Build Artifacts repositories, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories list
.RE

To set an IAM policy for repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories set\-iam\-policy my\-repo \e
    policy.json
.RE

To get an IAM policy for repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories get\-iam\-policy my\-repo
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-repo
\-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-repo
\-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

