
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MEMCACHE_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha memcache instances delete \- delete a Memorystore Memcached instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha memcache instances delete\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Memorystore Memcached instance.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The instance specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given instance.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memcached instance to
delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Memcached region of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmemcache/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an instance named \f5my\-memcache\-instance\fR in region
\f5us\-central1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache instances delete my\-memcache\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache instances delete
.RE

