
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_HUB_UNREGISTER\-CLUSTER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container hub unregister\-cluster \- unregisters a cluster from Google Cloud Platform



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container hub unregister\-cluster\fR \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR [\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command unregisters a cluster referenced from a kubeconfig
file from Google Cloud Platform. It also removes the Connect agent installation
from the Cluster.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The context in the kubeconfig file that specifies the cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The kubeconfig file containing an entry for the cluster. Defaults to $KUBECONFIG
if it is set in the environment, otherwise defaults to to $HOME/.kube/config.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Unregister a cluster referenced from the default kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container hub unregister\-cluster \e
  \-\-context=my\-cluster\-context
.RE

Unregister a cluster referenced from a specific kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container hub unregister\-cluster \e
    \-\-kubeconfig=/home/user/custom_kubeconfig \e
    \-\-context=my\-cluster\-context
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub unregister\-cluster
.RE

