
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_API\-GATEWAY_APIS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis create \- create a new API



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis create\fR \fIAPI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-managed\-service\fR=\fIMANAGED_SERVICE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new API.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Api resource \- Name for API which created. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [api] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [api] on the command line with a fully specified
name; Location for API and API Configs. Defaults to global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPI\fR
ID of the api or fully qualified identifier for the api.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human readable name which can optionally be supplied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-managed\-service\fR=\fIMANAGED_SERVICE\fR
The name of a pre\-existing Google Managed Service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an API, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis create my\-api
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway apis create
.RE

