
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_CONSENT\-STORES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores \- manage Cloud Healthcare API consent stores



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API consent stores.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBcheck\-data\-access\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Check the consent for a particular data ID.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBevaluate\-user\-consents\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Check the consents for a particular user's data.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieve the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Healthcare API consent stores.

.TP 2m
\fBquery\-accessible\-data\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Queries all accessible data IDs.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Healthcare API consent
store.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

