
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_SUBORDINATES_GET\-CSR" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca subordinates get\-csr \- get the CSR for a subordinate certificate authority that has not yet been activated



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca subordinates get\-csr\fR (\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Gets the PEM\-encoded CSR for a subordinate certificate authority
that is pending activation. The CSR should be signed by the issuing Certificate
Authority and uploaded back to the Private CA instance using the \f5subordinates
activate\fR command.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY resource \- The certificate authority to get csr for. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY or fully qualified identifier for the
CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. Alternatively, you can set the
property [privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To download the CSR for the 'server\-tls\-1' CA into a file called
\'server\-tls\-1.csr':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates get\-csr server\-tls\-1 \e
    \-\-location=us > server\-tls\-1.csr
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

