
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments \- create and manage Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud beta composer environments command group lets you create
Cloud Composer environments containing an Apache Airflow setup. Additionally,
the command group supports environment updates including varying number of
machines used to run Airflow, setting Airflow configs, or installing Python
dependencies used in Airflow DAGs. The command group can also be used to delete
Composer environments.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBstorage\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Storage objects stored as part of Cloud Composer
environments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and initialize a Cloud Composer environment.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete one or more Cloud Composer environments.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get details about a Cloud Composer environment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List the Cloud Composer environments under a project and location.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Run an Airflow sub\-command remotely in a Cloud Composer
environment.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update properties of a Cloud Composer environment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments
$ gcloud alpha composer environments
.RE

