
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_PROJECTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing projects describe \- show detailed billing information for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing projects describe\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command shows billing info for a project, given its ID.

This call can fail for the following reasons:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The project specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given project.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Specify a project id.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see detailed billing information for a project \f5my\-project\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing projects describe my\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing projects describe
.RE

