
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-TEMPLATES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add an IAM policy binding to an instance template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIINSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to an instance template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance template resource \- The instance template to which to add an IAM
policy binding. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance_template] on the command line with a
fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the instance_template or fully qualified identifier for the
instance_template.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/beta\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.admin' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on an instance
template with identifier 'my\-template':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-template \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

For a service account \f5test\-proj1@example.domain.com\fR, the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.admin' to
the given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.admin' for all authenticated users on an instance template with
identifier 'my\-template':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-template \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

