
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ORGANIZATIONS_GET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha organizations get\-iam\-policy \- get the IAM policy for an organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha organizations get\-iam\-policy\fR \fIORGANIZATION\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha organizations get\-iam\-policy\fR displays the IAM
policy associated with an organization. If formatted as JSON, the output can be
edited and used as a policy file for \fBset\-iam\-policy\fR. The output includes
an "etag" field identifying the version emitted and allowing detection of
concurrent policy updates; see $ gcloud alpha organizations set\-iam\-policy for
additional details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The organization for which to display the IAM policy.
This represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The ID of the organization or a fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudresourcemanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the IAM policy for a given organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha organizations get\-iam\-policy my\-organization
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud organizations get\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta organizations get\-iam\-policy
.RE

