
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \- read Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy node groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy node groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine node group.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a Google Compute Engine node group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Google Compute Engine node group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Google Compute Engine node group.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine node group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine node groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-nodes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine sole\-tenant nodes present in a node
group.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine node group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine node group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a Google Compute Engine node group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups
.RE

