
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_GUEST\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies \- manage guest OS policies for Compute Engine VM instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage guest OS policies for Compute Engine VM instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a guest policy for a project, a folder, or an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete the specified guest policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe the specified guest policy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List guest policies in a project, a folder, or an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBlookup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display the guest policies that are applied to an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the specified guest policy for a project, a folder, or an
organization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config guest\-policies
.RE

