
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules update \- update a Google Compute Engine forwarding rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules update\fR updates labels
and network tier for a Google Compute Engine forwarding rule.

Example to update labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules update example\-fr \e
    \-\-region us\-central1 \e
  \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

will add/update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with
key \f5\fIk3\fR\fR.

Labels can be used to identify the forwarding rule and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules list \e
    \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules describe example\-fr \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the forwarding rule to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR
Update the network tier of a forwarding rule. It does not allow to change from
\f5PREMIUM\fR to \f5STANDARD\fR and visa versa.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the forwarding rule to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules update
.RE

