
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_UPGRADE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container clusters upgrade \- upgrade the Kubernetes version of an existing container cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container clusters upgrade\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-version\fR=\fICLUSTER_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR=\fINODE_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Upgrades the Kubernetes version of an existing container cluster.

This command upgrades the Kubernetes version of the \fBnodes\fR or \fBmaster\fR
of a cluster. Note that the Kubernetes version of the cluster's \fBmaster\fR is
also periodically upgraded automatically as new releases are available.

If desired cluster version is omitted, \fBnode\fR upgrades default to the
current \fBmaster\fR version and \fBmaster\fR upgrades default to the default
cluster version, which can be found in the server config.

\fBBy running this command, all of the cluster's nodes will be deleted and\fR
\fBrecreated one at a time.\fR While persistent Kubernetes resources, such as
pods backed by replication controllers, will be rescheduled onto new nodes, a
small cluster may experience a few minutes where there are insufficient nodes
available to run all of the scheduled Kubernetes resources.

\fBPlease ensure that any data you wish to keep is stored on a persistent\fR
\fBdisk before upgrading the cluster.\fR Ephemeral Kubernetes resources\-\-in
particular, pods without replication controllers\-\-will be lost, while
persistent Kubernetes resources will get rescheduled.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the cluster to upgrade.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-version\fR=\fICLUSTER_VERSION\fR
The Kubernetes release version to which to upgrade the cluster's nodes.

If desired cluster version is omitted, \fBnode\fR upgrades default to the
current \fBmaster\fR version and \fBmaster\fR upgrades default to the default
cluster version, which can be found in the server config.

You can find the list of allowed versions for upgrades by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR
The image type to use for the cluster/node pool. Defaults to server\-specified.

Image Type specifies the base OS that the nodes in the cluster/node pool will
run on. If an image type is specified, that will be assigned to the cluster/node
pool and all future upgrades will use the specified image type. If it is not
specified the server will pick the default image type.

The default image type and the list of valid image types are available using the
following command.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\fR
Upgrade the cluster's master to the latest version of Kubernetes supported on
Kubernetes Engine. Nodes cannot be upgraded at the same time as the master.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-pool\fR=\fINODE_POOL\fR
The node pool to upgrade.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Upgrade the nodes of <cluster> to the Kubernetes version of the cluster's
master.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters upgrade <cluster>
.RE

Upgrade the nodes of <cluster> to Kubernetes version x.y.z:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters upgrade <cluster> \e
    \-\-cluster\-version "x.y.z"
.RE

Upgrade the master of <cluster> to the default cluster version:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters upgrade <cluster> \-\-master"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters upgrade
$ gcloud alpha container clusters upgrade
.RE

