
.TH "GCLOUD_HEALTHCARE_HL7V2\-STORES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud healthcare hl7v2\-stores update \- create a Cloud Healthcare API HL7v2 store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud healthcare hl7v2\-stores update\fR (\fIHL7V2_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-notification\-config\fR=\fINOTIFICATION_CONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a Cloud Healthcare API HL7v2 store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Hl7v2Store resource \- Cloud Healthcare API HL7v2 store to create. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [hl7v2_store] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIHL7V2_STORE\fR
ID of the hl7v2Store or fully qualified identifier for the hl7v2Store. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-notification\-config\fR=\fINOTIFICATION_CONFIG\fR
A list of notification configs. Each configuration uses a filter to determine
whether to publish a message (both Ingest & Create) on the corresponding
notification destination. Only the message name is sent as part of the
notification. Supplied by the client.

See https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/search/query_strings
for the syntax of the filter.

Note: A topic must be created before publishing or subscribing to it. For
instructions on creating topics, refer to:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/admin#create_a_topic


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the Cloud Pub/Sub topics on a HL7v2 store
\f5\fItest\-hl7v2\-store\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud healthcare hl7v2\-stores update test\-hl7v2\-store \e
    \-\-notification\-config=pubsub\-topic=projects/my\-project/topics/\e
test\-pubsub\-topic1,filter="labels.priority=high" \e
    \-\-notification\-config=pubsub\-topic=projects/my\-project/topics/\e
test\-pubsub\-topic2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare hl7v2\-stores update
$ gcloud beta healthcare hl7v2\-stores update
.RE

