
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-TARGET\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools \- set target pools of managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-target\-pools\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed
set\-target\-pools\fR sets the target pools for an existing managed instance
group. Instances that are part of the managed instance group will be added to
the target pool automatically.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pools\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]
Compute Engine Target Pools to add the instances to. Target Pools must be
specified by name or by URL. Example: \-\-target\-pool
target\-pool\-1,target\-pool\-2.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-target\-pools
.RE

