
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta active\-directory domains create \- create a Managed Microsoft AD domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta active\-directory domains create\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR \fB\-\-region\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...] \fB\-\-reserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED_IP_RANGE\fR [\fB\-\-admin\-name\fR=\fIADMIN_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=[\fIAUTHORIZED_NETWORKS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new Managed Microsoft AD domain with the given name using
Google Cloud's Managed Service for Microsoft Active Directory.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
An AD domain with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create AD domains.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is an overlap between the provided CIDR range and authorized network's
CIDR.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
A valid region was not provided.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the managed Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to
create. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
Google Compute Engine region in which to provision domain controllers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED_IP_RANGE\fR
Classless Inter\-Domain Routing range of internal addresses that are reserved
for this domain.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-admin\-name\fR=\fIADMIN_NAME\fR
Name of the administrator that may be used to perform Active Directory
operations. This is a delegated administrator account provisioned by our
service. If left unspecified \f5MIAdmin\fR will be used. This is different from
both the domain administrator and the Directory Services Restore Mode (DSRM)
administrator.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=[\fIAUTHORIZED_NETWORKS\fR,...]
Names of the Google Compute Engine networks to which the domain will be
connected.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1beta1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates an AD domain with the name \f5my\-domain.com\fR in
region \f5us\-central1\fR, a network peering to \f5my\-network\fR and consuming
the IP address range \f510.172.0.0/24\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains create my\-domain.com \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-reserved\-ip\-range="10.172.0.0/24"
\-\-authorized\-networks=projects/my\-project/global/networks/my\-network
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains create
.RE

