
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance
groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds instances to an unmanaged instance group by name.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine unmanaged instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List instances present in the instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Removes resources from an unmanaged instance group by instance
name.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups unmanaged
.RE

