
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_API\-GATEWAY_API\-CONFIGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta api\-gateway api\-configs update \- update an API Gateway API config



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta api\-gateway api\-configs update\fR (\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an API Gateway API config.

NOTE: Only the name and labels may be updated on an API config.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Api config resource \- Name for API Config which will be updated. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [api_config] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [api_config] on the command line with a fully
specified name; Location for API and API Configs. Defaults to global. This must
be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR
ID of the api\-config or fully qualified identifier for the api\-config. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
API ID.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human readable name which can optionally be supplied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway api\-configs update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway api\-configs update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the display name of an API config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway api\-configs update my\-config \e
    \-\-api=my\-api \-\-display\-name="New Display Name"
.RE

NOTE: Only the display name and labels attributes are mutable on an API config.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway api\-configs update
.RE

