
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare \- manage Cloud Healthcare resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBannotation\-stores\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API annotation stores.

.TP 2m
\fBdatasets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API datasets.

.TP 2m
\fBdicom\-stores\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API DICOM stores.

.TP 2m
\fBfhir\-stores\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API FHIR stores.

.TP 2m
\fBhl7v2\-stores\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API HL7v2 stores.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare
.RE

