
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks subnets \- list, describe, and delete, and update Compute Engine subnetworks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks subnets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate VPC subnetworks.

For more information about VPC, see the VPC documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc).

See also: Subnetworks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/subnetworks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Define a subnet for a network in custom subnet mode.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Compute Engine subnetworks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBexpand\-ip\-range\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Expand the IP range of a Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine subnetworks.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-usable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Compute Engine subnetworks permitted for use.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Updates properties of an existing Compute Engine subnetwork.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks subnets
$ gcloud alpha compute networks subnets
.RE

