
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAFLOW" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataflow \- manage Google Cloud Dataflow resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataflow\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud dataflow command group lets you manage Google Cloud
Dataflow resources.

Cloud Dataflow is a unified programming model and a managed service for
developing and executing a wide range of data processing patterns including ETL,
batch computation, and continuous computation.

More information on Cloud Dataflow can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/dataflow and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR A group of subcommands for working with Dataflow jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBlogs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR A group of subcommands for working with Dataflow logs.

.TP 2m
\fBmetrics\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR A group of subcommands for working with Dataflow metrics.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshots\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR A group of subcommands for working with Cloud Dataflow snapshots.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataflow
$ gcloud beta dataflow
.RE

