
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_ACCOUNTS_PROJECTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing accounts projects \- manage the billing account configuration of your projects



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing accounts projects\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Manage the billing account configuration of
your projects.

The \f5gcloud <alpha|beta> billing accounts projects\fR groups have been moved
to \f5gcloud beta billing projects\fR. Please use the new, shorter commands
instead.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Show detailed billing information for a
project.

.TP 2m
\fBlink\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Link a project with a billing account.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR List all active projects associated with the
specified billing account.

.TP 2m
\fBunlink\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Unlink the account (if any) linked with a
project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

