
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies \- manage Org Policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to query and to update your Org Policies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBallow\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add values to an Organization Policy allowed_values list policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Organization Policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdeny\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add values to an Organization Policy denied_values list policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Organization Policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-enforce\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Turns off enforcement of boolean Organization Policy constraint.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\-enforce\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Turns on enforcement of boolean Organization Policy constraint.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Organization Policies associated with the specified resource.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set Organization Policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies
.RE

