
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_NOTIFICATIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc notifications create \- create a Cloud Security Command Center notification config



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc notifications create\fR \fINOTIFICATION_CONFIG_ID\fR \fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Security Command Center notification config.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINOTIFICATION_CONFIG_ID\fR
The ID of the notification config. Formatted as
"organizations/123/notificationConfigs/456" or just "456".


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
The Pub/Sub topic which will receive notifications. Its format is
"projects/[project_id]/topics/[topic]".


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The text that will be used to describe a notification configuration.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR
Filter to be used for notification config.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization where the notification config resides. Formatted as
"organizations/123" or just "123". Required if notificationConfigId does not
contain organization information.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Create a notification config test\-config under organization 123456 for findings
for pubsub\-topic projects/test\-project/topics/notification\-test with a filter
on resource name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc notifications create test\-config \e
    \-\-organization=123456 \e
    \-\-pubsub\-topic=projects/test\-project/topics/notification\-test \e
    \-\-filter="resource_name: \e"a\e""
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc notifications create \e
    organizations/123456/notificationConfigs/test\-config \e
    \-\-pubsub\-topic=projects/test\-project/topics/notification\-test \e
    \-\-filter="resource_name: \e"a\e""
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc notifications create
$ gcloud beta scc notifications create
.RE

