
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-APPROVAL_SETTINGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-approval settings update \- update Access Approval settings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-approval settings update\fR [\fB\-\-enrolled_services\fR=\fIENROLLED_SERVICES\fR] [\fB\-\-notification_emails\fR=\fINOTIFICATION_EMAILS\fR] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the Access Approval settings associated with a project, a
folder, or organization. Partial updates are supported (for example, you can
update the notification emails without modifying the enrolled services).



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enrolled_services\fR=\fIENROLLED_SERVICES\fR
Comma\-separated list of services to enroll for Access Approval or 'all' for all
supported services. Note for project and folder enrollments, only 'all' is
supported. Use '' to clear all enrolled services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-notification_emails\fR=\fINOTIFICATION_EMAILS\fR
Comma\-separated list of email addresses to which notifications relating to
approval requests should be sent or '' to clear all saved notification emails.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
folder number. only one of \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization can be
provided. If none are provided then it uses config property [core/project].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
organization number. either \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization must be
provided. If none are provided then it uses config property [core/project].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR
project number or id. only one of \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization
can be provided. If none are provided then it uses config property
[core/project].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update notification emails associated with project 'p1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval settings update \-\-project=p1 \e
  \-\-notification_emails='foo@example.com, bar@example.com'
.RE

Enable Access Approval enforcement for folder 'f1':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval settings update \-\-folder=f1 \e
  \-\-enrolled_services=all
.RE

Enable Access Approval enforcement for organization 'org1' for only Cloud
Storage and Compute products and set the notification emails at the same time:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval settings update \-\-organization=org1 \e
  \-\-enrolled_services='storage.googleapis.com,compute.googleapis.c\e
om' \-\-notification_emails='security_team@example.com'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

