
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_MEMBERSHIPS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups memberships list \- list memberships in an existing group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups memberships list\fR \fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR;\ default="basic"] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List memberships in an existing group.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group to show members for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
The next_page_token value returned from a previous list request, if any.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR; default="basic"
There are two possible views, 'basic' and 'full', default is 'basic'. \fIVIEW\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbasic\fR
Response only basic information of the Groups. (e.g. 'display_name', 'name')

.TP 2m
\fBfull\fR
Response includes all the fields of the Groups

.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list memberships of a group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups memberships list \e
    \-\-group\-email="eng\-discuss@foo.com" \-\-limit=50
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups memberships list
.RE

