
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts describe \- show metadata for a service account from a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts describe\fR \fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command shows metadata for a service account.

This call can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The service account specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given service account.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account to describe. The account should be formatted either as a
numeric service account ID or as an email, like this: 123456789876543212345 or
my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print metadata for a service account from your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts describe \e
    my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts describe
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts describe
.RE

