
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PUBLIC\-DELEGATED\-PREFIXES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes describe \- describes a Compute Engine public delegated prefix



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the public delegated prefix to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the public delegated prefix is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the public delegated prefix to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a public delegated prefix:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes describe \e
    my\-public\-delegated\-prefix \-\-global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

