
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_GUEST\-POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies delete \- delete the specified guest policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies delete\fR \fIPOLICY_ID\fR [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_ID\fR
Name of the guest policy to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

The scope of the guest policy. If a scope is not specified, the current project
is used as the default. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The folder of the guest policy to delete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The organization of the guest policy to delete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project name to use. If a project name is not specified, then the current
project is used. The current project can be listed using gcloud config list
\-\-format='text(core.project)' and can be set using gcloud config set project
PROJECTID.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles.
It specifies the project of the resource to operate on, and also specifies the
project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a different
project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the guest policy named \f5policy1\fR in the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies delete policy1
.RE

To delete the guest policy named \f5policy1\fR in the organization \f512345\fR,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies delete policy1 \e
\-\-organization=12345
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config guest\-policies delete
.RE

