
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_PATCH\-DEPLOYMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-deployments delete \- delete the specified patch deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-deployments delete\fR \fIPATCH_DEPLOYMENT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete the specified patch deployment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Patch deployment resource \- Patch deployment to delete. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[patch_deployment] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPATCH_DEPLOYMENT\fR
ID of the patch_deployment or fully qualified identifier for the
patch_deployment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the patch deployment \f5patch\-deployment\-1\fR in the current
project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-deployments delete \e
  patch\-deployment\-1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-config patch\-deployments delete
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-deployments delete
.RE

