
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_LOGGING_BUCKETS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta logging buckets describe \- displays information about a bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta logging buckets describe\fR \fIBUCKET_ID\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Displays information about a bucket.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBUCKET_ID\fR
The id of the bucket to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Describe a bucket associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Describe a bucket associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Describe a bucket associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Describe a bucket associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a bucket in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging buckets describe my\-bucket \-\-location=global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging buckets describe
.RE

