
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MEMCACHE_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha memcache instances update \- update a Memorystore Memcached instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha memcache instances update\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) (\fB\-\-parameters\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR\ \fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Memcached instance with one or more of the following
actions:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Scale up or down the number of nodes in the instance.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Stage an update to instance configuration parameters.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Update the instance metadata (display name, labels).
.RE
.sp

Updating parameters cannot be combined with any other update actions in the same
call. All other update actions can be combined in the same call.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memcached instance to
update. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Memcached region of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parameters\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
User defined parameters to apply to the memcached process on each node. Possible
attributes include:

.TP 2m
\fBlisten\-backlog\fR
The backlog queue limit for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-flush\-all\fR
If enabled, flush_all command will be disabled. Applicable to 1.4.24 and higher.

.TP 2m
\fBmax\-item\-size\fR
Max bytes of the instnace. Must at least be equal to slab_chunk_max (which
defaults to 524288 bytes) and less than 134217728 bytes. Additionally it must be
a multiple of slab_chunk_max.

.TP 2m
\fBslab\-min\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [1, 1024].

.TP 2m
\fBslab\-growth\-factor\fR
This is a float in the range [1.01, 100].

.TP 2m
\fBprotocol\fR
This is an enum with acceptable values of ["ascii", "auto"].

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-cas\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-evictions\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBmax\-reqs\-per\-event\fR
This is an integer in the range [1, 1000].

.TP 2m
\fBtrack\-sizes\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBworker\-logbuf\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [48, 524288].

.TP 2m
\fBwatcher\-logbuf\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [0, 2097151].

.TP 2m
\fBlru\-crawler\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBidle\-timeout\fR
This is an integer in the range [1,86400].

.TP 2m
\fBlru\-maintainer\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBmaxconns\-fast\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBhash\-algorithm\fR
This is an enum with accepted values of ["jenkins", "murmur3"].
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
An arbitrary and optional user provided name for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR
Number of memcache nodes in this instance. Valid values range from 1 to 20.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmemcache/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To scale a Memcached instance named 'my\-memcache\-instance' in region
\'us\-central1' to have 3 nodes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache instances update my\-memcache\-instance \e
    \-\-node\-count=3 \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE

To stage an update to the parameters 'protocol' and 'track\-sizes' for a
Memcached instance named 'my\-memcache\-instance' in region 'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache instances update my\-memcache\-instance \e
    \-\-parameters="protocol=ascii,track\-sizes=true" \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE

To update a Memcached instance named 'my\-memcache\-instance' in region
\'us\-central1' to have the display name "Foo Cache Service" and the labels
\'env' and 'service', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache instances update my\-memcache\-instance \e
    \-\-display\-name="Foo Cache Service" \e
    \-\-labels="env=test,service=foo"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache instances update
.RE

