
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_DISKS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a disk



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR adds an
IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine disk's access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to add the IAM policy binding to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to add the IAM policy binding to. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.securityAdmin' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a disk
with identifier 'my\-disk'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-disk \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

For a service account \f5test\-proj1@example.domain.com\fR, the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.securityAdmin' to the given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.securityAdmin' for all authenticated users on a disk with
identifier 'my\-disk':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-disk \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

