
.TH "GCLOUD_SPANNER_INSTANCES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud spanner instances set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud spanner instances set\-iam\-policy\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR] \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner instance given a instance ID and a file
encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The Spanner instance to set the IAM policy for. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [spanner/instance] with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIINSTANCE\fR]
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and sets it for a spanner instance with the ID
\f5example\-instance\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner instances set\-iam\-policy example\-instance \e
    policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner instances set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta spanner instances set\-iam\-policy
.RE

