
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe \- display detailed information about an instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe\fR
displays all data associated with an instance group in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to describe. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to describe. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a regional instance group in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR
regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe \e
    \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

To get details about a zonal instance group in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-b\fR\fR
zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-b
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed describe
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed describe
.RE

