
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTATIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container binauthz attestations create \- create a Binary Authorization attestation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container binauthz attestations create\fR \fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR \fB\-\-public\-key\-id\fR=\fIPUBLIC_KEY_ID\fR \fB\-\-signature\-file\fR=\fISIGNATURE_FILE\fR (\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-payload\-file\fR=\fIPAYLOAD_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-validate\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command creates a Binary Authorization attestation for your
project. The attestation is created for the specified artifact (e.g. a gcr.io
container URL), associate with the specified attestor, and stored under the
specified project.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR
Container URL. May be in the \f5gcr.io/repository/image\fR format, or may
optionally contain the \f5http\fR or \f5https\fR scheme

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-key\-id\fR=\fIPUBLIC_KEY_ID\fR
The ID of the public key that will be used to verify the signature of the
created Attestation. This ID must match the one found on the Attestor
resource(s) which will verify this Attestation.

For PKIX keys, this will be the URI\-formatted \f5id\fR field of the associated
Attestor public key.

For PGP keys, this must be the version 4, full 160\-bit fingerprint, expressed
as a 40 character hexadecimal string. See
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4880#section\-12.2 for details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signature\-file\fR=\fISIGNATURE_FILE\fR
Path to file containing the signature to store, or \f5\-\fR to read signature
from stdin.

.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The Attestor whose Container Analysis Note will be used to
host the created attestation. In order to successfully attach the attestation,
the active gcloud account (core/account) must be able to read this attestor and
must have the \f5containeranalysis.notes.attachOccurrence\fR permission for the
Attestor's underlying Note resource (usually via the
\f5containeranalysis.notes.attacher\fR role). The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR
Project ID of the Google Cloud Platform project for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-payload\-file\fR=\fIPAYLOAD_FILE\fR
Path to file containing the payload over which the signature was calculated.

This defaults to the output of the standard payload command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz create\-signature\-payload
.RE

NOTE: If you sign a payload with e.g. different whitespace or formatting, you
must explicitly provide the payload content via this flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-validate\fR
Whether to validate that the Attestation can be verified by the provided
Attestor.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an attestation in the project "my_proj" as the attestor with resource
path "projects/foo/attestors/bar", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestations create \e
    \-\-project=my_proj \e
    \-\-artifact\-url='gcr.io/example\-project/example\-image@sha256:abcd' \e
    \-\-attestor=projects/foo/attestors/bar \e
    \-\-signature\-file=signed_artifact_attestation.pgp.sig \e
    \-\-public\-key\-id=AAAA0000000000000000FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz attestations create
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations create
.RE

