
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged create \- create a Compute Engine unmanaged instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged create\fR
creates a new Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance group. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged create \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

The above example creates one unmanaged instance group called
\'example\-instance\-group' in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the instance group to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Specifies a textual description for the unmanaged instance group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to create. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged create
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups unmanaged create
.RE

