
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_ACCOUNTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing accounts \- manage billing accounts



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing accounts\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage billing accounts.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBprojects\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Manage the billing account configuration of
your projects.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for a billing account.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Billing account.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all active billing accounts.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Billing account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing accounts
.RE

