
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS_GET\-ANCESTORS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects get\-ancestors \- get the ancestors for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects get\-ancestors\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha projects get\-ancestors\fR displays the ancestors
for a project. Projects may be grouped under folders and an organization. This
comand will print the folder and organization hierarchy for the given project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Project resource \- The project for which to display ancestors. This represents
a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
ID of the project or fully qualified identifier for the project.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudresourcemanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the ancestors for a given project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects get\-ancestors my\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects get\-ancestors
$ gcloud beta projects get\-ancestors
.RE

