
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_NODE\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container node\-pools \- create and delete operations for Google Kubernetes Engine node pools



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container node\-pools\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and delete operations for Google Kubernetes Engine node
pools.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a node pool in a running cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing node pool in a running cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing node pool for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing node pools for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBrollback\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Rollback a node\-pool upgrade.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a node pool in a running cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools
$ gcloud beta container node\-pools
.RE

