
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys versions \- create and manage versions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys versions\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A version represents an individual cryptographic key and the
associated key material.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new version.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get metadata for a given version.

.TP 2m
\fBdestroy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Schedule a version to be destroyed.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disable a given version.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable a given version.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-public\-key\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the public key for a given version.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a version into an existing crypto key.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the versions within a key.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restore a version scheduled for destruction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions
.RE

