
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS_ADD\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-pools add\-instances \- add instances to a target pool



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-pools add\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-instances\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCES_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-pools add\-instances\fR is used to
add one or more instances to a target pool. For more information on health
checks and load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target pool to which to add the instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Specifies a list of instances to add to the target pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCES_ZONE\fR
Zone of the instances to add to the target pool. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the target pool to operate on. If not specified, it will be set to the
region of the instances. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property
value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instances to add to the target pool. DEPRECATED, use
\-\-instances\-zone. If not specified, you will be prompted to select a zone.
Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-pools add\-instances
$ gcloud beta compute target\-pools add\-instances
.RE

