
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_OPERATIONS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container operations cancel \- cancel a running operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container operations cancel\fR \fIOPERATION_ID\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Cancel a running operation.

Cancel is a best\-effort method for aborting a running operation. Operations
that have already completed can not be cancelled. If the operation has passed
the "point of no\-return", cancel will have no effect.

An example of "point of no\-return" in the context of Upgrade operations would
be if all the nodes have been upgraded but the operation hasn't been marked as
complete.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION_ID\fR
The operation id to cancel.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container operations cancel
.RE

