
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_ANNOTATION\-STORES_EXPORT_GCS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores export gcs \- export Cloud Healthcare API Annotation records to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores export gcs\fR (\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export Cloud Healthcare API Annotation records to Google Cloud
Storage.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

AnnotationStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API Annotation store to export
annotations from. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [annotation_store] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR
ID of the annotationStore or fully qualified identifier for the annotationStore.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR
The Cloud Storage destination location. Specify a path to a Cloud Storage bucket
or folder rather than a concrete object. The server creates one object per
annotation record. Each object contains a JSON\-formatted text file of an
Annotation record.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export the annotation\-store 'test\-annotation\-store' to the existing bucket
\'testGcsBucket' in the folder 'someFolder', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores export gcs \e
    test\-annotation\-store \-\-gcs\-uri=gs://testGcsBucket/someFolder \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare annotation\-stores export gcs
.RE

