
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI_CUSTOM\-JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai custom\-jobs describe \- get detailed information about the custom job by given id



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai custom\-jobs describe\fR (\fICUSTOM_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Get detailed information about the custom job by given id.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Custom job resource \- The custom job to describe. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [custom_job] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICUSTOM_JOB\fR
ID of the custom_job or fully qualified identifier for the custom_job. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud region for the custom_job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai custom\-jobs describe
.RE

