
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_USERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql users create \- creates a user in a given instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql users create\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a user in a given instance with specified username, host,
and password.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUSERNAME\fR
Cloud SQL username.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
Cloud SQL user's host name expressed as a specific IP address or address range.
\f5%\fR denotes an unrestricted host name. Applicable flag for MySQL instances;
ignored for all other engines. Note, if you connect to your instance using IP
addresses, you must add your client IP address as an Authorized Address, even if
your host name is unrestricted. For help on how to do so, read:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/configure\-ip

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Cloud SQL user's password.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql users create
$ gcloud alpha sql users create
.RE

