
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SUSPEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances suspend \- suspend a virtual machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances suspend\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-discard\-local\-ssd\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances suspend\fR is used to suspend a
Google Compute Engine virtual machine. Suspending a VM is the equivalent of
sleep or standby mode: the guest receives an ACPI S3 suspend signal, after which
all VM state is saved to temporary storage. An instance can only be suspended
while it is in the RUNNING state. A suspended instance will be put in SUSPENDED
state.

Note: A suspended instance can be resumed by running the gcloud beta compute
instances resume command.

Beta restrictions: Suspending a Preemptible VM is not supported and will result
in an API error. Suspending a VM that is using CSEK or GPUs is not supported and
will result in an API error.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR ...]
Names of the instances to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-discard\-local\-ssd\fR
If provided, local SSD data is discarded.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instances to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To suspend an instance named \f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances suspend test\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances suspend
.RE

