
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_SCALING\-POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies create \- create a Scaling Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies create\fR (\fISCALING_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-deployment\fR=\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-match\-clusters\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR] [\fB\-\-buffer\-size\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-buffer\-size\-percent\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE_PERCENT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Game Server Scaling Policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Scaling policy resource \- Cloud Game Server Scaling Policy to create. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[scaling_policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISCALING_POLICY\fR
ID of the scaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the scaling policy.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of the Scaling Policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-deployment\fR=\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
Deployment for this Scaling Policy. Example:
"projects/my\-project/locations/global/gameServerDeployments/my\-deployment".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-match\-clusters\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Labels to select clusters to which this Scaling Policy applies. This flag can be
repeated.

Example: $ gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies create example\-policy \e
\-\-match\-clusters=label_a=value1,label_b=value2 \e
\-\-match\-clusters=label_c=value3,label_d=value4

With the above command, this policy is applicable to clusters that have either
label_a=value1 and label_b=value2, or label_c=value3,label_d=value4.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_REPLICAS\fR
Maximum fleet size.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_REPLICAS\fR
Minimum fleet size.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR
Event schedules. Schedules allow Scaling policies to be adjusted for planned
events. For example, you can add policies to scale specific clusters during an
event. This flag can be repeated.

The following keys are allowed:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcron\-spec\fR
Cron definition of the scheduled event. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron.
The cron spec specification is in the local time as defined by the realm.
Requires cron\-job\-duration to be specified.

.TP 2m
\fBcron\-job\-duration\fR
Duration for the cron job event. The duration of the event is effective after
the cron job's start time. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats. Required if cron\-spec is specified.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\-time\fR
Start time of the event. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats. Either start\-time or cron\-spec should be specified.

.TP 2m
\fBend\-time\fR
End time of the event. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies create example\-policy \e
    \-\-schedule=start\-time=2019\-01\-01T00:00:01Z,\e
end\-time=2030\-01\-01T00:00:01Z,cron\-job\-duration=3600s,cron\-spec="10\e
 0 1\-7 5 *" \-\-schedule=start\-time=2050\-01\-01T00:00:01Z
.RE

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Size of the buffer of ready game server instances in either absolute number or
percentage. As game server instances get allocated or terminated, the fleet will
be scaled up and down so that this buffer is maintained. At most one of these
may be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-buffer\-size\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR
Size of a buffer of ready game server instances in absolute number.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-buffer\-size\-percent\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE_PERCENT\fR
Size of a buffer of ready game server instances in percentage.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

