
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PROJECT\-INFO" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute project\-info \- read and manipulate project\-level data like quotas and metadata



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute project\-info\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate project\-level data like quotas and metadata.


\f5Note\fR: project\-level metadata is a distinct concept from instance\-level
metadata; for details on instance metadata see:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/storing\-retrieving\-metadata



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-metadata\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add or update project\-wide metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe the Google Compute Engine project resource.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-metadata\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove project\-wide metadata entries.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-default\-service\-account\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the default service account on the project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-usage\-bucket\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the usage reporting bucket for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine project resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info
$ gcloud beta compute project\-info
.RE

