
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta active\-directory operations describe \- describe a Managed Microsoft AD operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta active\-directory operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Managed Microsoft AD operation given a valid operation
name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The operation specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given operation.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Name of the Managed Microsoft AD operation you want to
describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1beta1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command describes an operation called
\f5operation\-1484002552235\-425b144f8c3f8\-81aa4b49\-0830d1e9\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory operations describe \e
    operation\-1484002552235\-425b144f8c3f8\-81aa4b49\-0830d1e9
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory operations describe
.RE

