
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_TABLES_INSERT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq tables insert \- insert records specified into an existing table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq tables insert\fR (\fITABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR) \fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Insert records specified into an existing table.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The BigQuery table you want to insert data into. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [table] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR
The file containing the newline\-delimited array of JSON objects representing
rows to insert.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
For example: [ {"string_col": "value1", "bool_col": false}, {"string_col":
"value2", "bool_col": true}, {"string_col": "value3", "bool_col": false},
{"string_col": "value4", "bool_col": true}, {"string_col": "value5", "bool_col":
false}, ]
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command inserts rows from \f5data_file.json\fR into
\f5my\-table\fR in \f5my\-dataset\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables insert \e
    \-\-table \e
    /projects/myproject/datasets/my\-dataset/tables/my\-table \e
    \-\-data data_file.json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

