
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TPUS_VERSIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute tpus versions describe \- describe a Tensorflow version available for Cloud TPUs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute tpus versions describe\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Get details on a Tensorflow version.

To get a list of available Tesnorflow versions for your location run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute tpus versions list
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tensorflow version resource \- The Tensorflow version you want to describe. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [version] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
The ID of the tensorflow_version or a fully qualified identifier for the
tensorflow_version. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus versions describe
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus versions describe
.RE

