
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AUTH_CONFIGURE\-DOCKER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha auth configure\-docker \- register \f5gcloud\fR as a Docker credential helper



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha auth configure\-docker\fR [\fIREGISTRIES\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha auth configure\-docker adds the Docker
\f5credHelper\fR entry to Docker's configuration file, or creates the file if it
doesn't exist. This will register \f5gcloud\fR as the credential helper for all
Google\-supported Docker registries. If the Docker configuration already
contains a \f5credHelper\fR entry, it will be overwritten.

Note, \f5docker\fR and \f5gcloud\fR need to be on the same system \f5PATH\fR to
work correctly.

For more details on Docker credential helpers, see
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential\-helpers.

For more details on the Google Container Registry's Docker credential helper,
see https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/docker\-credential\-gcr.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIREGISTRIES\fR]
The comma\-separated list of registries to configure the credential helper for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth configure\-docker
$ gcloud beta auth configure\-docker
.RE

