
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_REGISTRIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot registries \- manage Cloud IoT Registries



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot registries\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud IoT Registries.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcredentials\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage credentials for Cloud IoT devices.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List device registries.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a device registry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries
$ gcloud alpha iot registries
.RE

