
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute addresses create \- reserve IP addresses



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute addresses create\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-addresses\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR,[\fIADDRESS\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-ip\-version\fR=\fIIP_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute addresses create\fR is used to reserve one
or more IP addresses. Once an IP address is reserved, it will be associated with
the project until it is released using 'gcloud compute addresses delete'.
Ephemeral IP addresses that are in use by resources in the project, can be
reserved using the \f5\fI\-\-addresses\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the addresses to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional textual description for the addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR
The network tier to assign to the reserved IP addresses.
\f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR must be one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The
default value is \f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
If specified, the subnet name in which the address(es) should be reserved. The
subnet must be in the same region as the address.

The address will represent an internal IP reservation from within the subnet. If
\-\-address is specified, it must be within the subnet's IP range.

May not be specified with \-\-global.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-addresses\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR,[\fIADDRESS\fR,...]
Ephemeral IP addresses to promote to reserved status. Only addresses that are
being used by resources in the project can be promoted. When providing this
flag, a parallel list of names for the addresses can be provided. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses create ADDRESS\-1 ADDRESS\-2         \e
      \-\-addresses 162.222.181.197,162.222.181.198             \e
  \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

will result in 162.222.181.197 being reserved as 'ADDRESS\-1' and
162.222.181.198 as 'ADDRESS\-2'. If no names are given, server\-generated names
will be assigned to the IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ip\-version\fR=\fIIP_VERSION\fR
The version of the IP address to be allocated and reserved if \-\-addresses is
not used. The default is IPv4. \fIIP_VERSION\fR must be one of: \fBIPV4\fR,
\fBIPV6\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the addresses are global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the addresses to create. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To reserve three IP addresses in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR region, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses create ADDRESS\-1 ADDRESS\-2 \e
    ADDRESS\-3 \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

To reserve ephemeral IP addresses 162.222.181.198 and 23.251.146.189 which are
being used by virtual machine instances in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR region,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses create \e
    \-\-addresses 162.222.181.198,23.251.146.189 \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

In the above invocation, the two addresses will be assigned random names.

To reserve an IP address from the subnet \f5\fIdefault\fR\fR in the
\f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR region, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses create SUBNET\-ADDRESS\-1 \e
    \-\-region us\-central1 \-\-subnet default
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses create
$ gcloud alpha compute addresses create
.RE

