
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-APPROVAL_REQUESTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-approval requests list \- list Access Approval requests



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-approval requests list\fR [\fB\-\-state\fR=\fISTATE\fR;\ default="pending"] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Access Approval requests by parent
(project/folder/organization).



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\fR=\fISTATE\fR; default="pending"
filter for request state

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
folder number. only one of \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization can be
provided. If none are provided then it uses config property [core/project].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
organization number. either \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization must be
provided. If none are provided then it uses config property [core/project].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR
project number or id. only one of \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization
can be provided. If none are provided then it uses config property
[core/project].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all approval requests owned by project my\-project\-123, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval requests list \e
    \-\-project=my\-project\-123 \-\-state=all
.RE

To list pending approval requests owned by organization 999, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval requests list \-\-organization=999
.RE

or

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval requests list \-\-organization=999 \e
    \-\-state=pending
.RE

Note that the user needs to have permission accessapproval.requests.list on the
project/folder/organization



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

