
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAFLOW_METRICS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \- retrieves the metrics from a specific job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list\fR \fIJOB_ID\fR [\fB\-\-changed\-after\fR=\fICHANGED_AFTER\fR] [\fB\-\-hide\-committed\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR;\ default="all"] [\fB\-\-tentative\fR] [\fB\-\-transform\fR=\fITRANSFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command can be used to explore the job's metrics at a
fine\-grained level.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB_ID\fR
The job ID to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-changed\-after\fR=\fICHANGED_AFTER\fR
Only display metrics that have changed after the given time. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on time formats. For example, \f52018\-01\-01\fR is
the first day of the year, and \f5\-P2W\fR is 2 weeks ago.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-hide\-committed\fR
If true, hide committed values.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR
The region ID of the job's regional endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR; default="all"
Set the metrics source. \fISOURCE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
Retrieves all metrics.
.TP 2m
\fBservice\fR
Retrieves only dataflow service metrics.
.TP 2m
\fBuser\fR
Retrieves only custom user metrics.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tentative\fR
If true, display tentative values.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transform\fR=\fITRANSFORM\fR
Filters only the metrics that prefix match the given regex.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Filter metrics with the given name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \-\-filter="name=ElementCount"
.RE

Filter child metrics with matching transforms:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \-\-transform=WordCount
.RE

Filter child output metrics:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \-\-transform=WordCount/Write.*out
.RE

Filter all output metrics:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \-\-transform=.*out
.RE

Filter all custom\-defined user metrics

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \-\-source=user
.RE

Filter metrics with a scalar value greater than a threshold.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \-\-filter="scalar > 50"
.RE

List metrics that have changed in the last 2 weeks:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow metrics list \-\-after=\-P2W
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow metrics list
.RE

