
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_INSTANCE\-CONFIGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs update \- update per\-instance config of a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs update\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-instance\-update\-minimal\-action\fR=\fIINSTANCE_UPDATE_MINIMAL_ACTION\fR;\ default="none"] [\fB\-\-remove\-stateful\-disks\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,[\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-remove\-stateful\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fIsource\fR=\fISOURCE\fR]] [\fB\-\-stateful\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-update\-instance\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs
update\fR updates the per\-instance config of an instance controlled by a
Compute Engine managed instance group. The command lets you change the list of
instance\-specific stateful resources, that is, the list of resources that are
preserved during instance restarts and recreations.

Changes are applied immediately to the corresponding instances, by performing
the necessary action (for example, REFRESH), unless overridden by providing the
\f5\fI\-\-no\-update\-instance\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to update per\-instance config for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
URI/name of an existing instance in the managed instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-update\-minimal\-action\fR=\fIINSTANCE_UPDATE_MINIMAL_ACTION\fR; default="none"
Perform at least this action on the instance while updating, if
\f5\-\-update\-instance\fR is set to \f5true\fR.
\fIINSTANCE_UPDATE_MINIMAL_ACTION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
No action
.TP 2m
\fBrefresh\fR
Apply properties that are possible to apply without stopping the instance
.TP 2m
\fBreplace\fR
Delete the instance and create it again
.TP 2m
\fBrestart\fR
Stop the instance and start it again
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-stateful\-disks\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,[\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,...]
List all device names to remove from the instance's config.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-stateful\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List all stateful metadata keys to remove from theinstance's config.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fIsource\fR=\fISOURCE\fR]
Disks considered stateful by the instance group. Managed instance groups
preserve and reattach stateful disks on VM autohealing, update, and recreate
events.

You can also attach and preserve disks, not defined in the group's instance
template, to a given instance.

The same disk can be attached to more than one instance but only in read\-only
mode.

Use this argument multiple times to update multiple disks.

If stateful disk with given \f5device\-name\fR exists in current instance
config, its properties will be replaced by the newly provided ones. In other
case new stateful disk definition will be added to the instance config.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
Name under which disk is or will be attached.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\fR
Optional argument used to specify the URI of an existing persistent disk to
attach under specified \f5device\-name\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBmode\fR
Specifies the mode of the disk to attach. Supported options are \f5ro\fR for
read\-only and \f5rw\fR for read\-write. If omitted when source is specified,
\f5rw\fR is used as a default. \f5mode\fR can only be specified if \f5source\fR
is given.

.TP 2m
\fBauto\-delete\fR
(Optional) Specifies the auto deletion policy of the stateful disk. Supported
values are \f5\fInever\fR\fR (never delete this disk) and
\f5\fIon\-permanent\-instance\-deletion\fR\fR (delete the stateful disk when the
given instance is permanently deleted from the instance group; for example when
the group is resized down). If omitted, \f5\fInever\fR\fR is used as the
default.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Additional metadata to be made available to the guest operating system in
addition to the metadata defined in the instance template.

Stateful metadata may be used to define a key/value pair specific for the one
given instance to differentiate it from the other instances in the managed
instance group.

Stateful metadata key/value pairs are preserved on instance recreation,
autohealing, updates, and any other lifecycle transitions of the instance.

Stateful metadata have priority over the metadata defined in the instance
template. This means that stateful metadata that is defined for a key that
already exists in the instance template overrides the instance template value.

Each metadata entry is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign. Metadata
keys must be unique and less than 128 bytes in length. Multiple entries can be
passed to this flag, e.g., \f5\fI\-\-stateful\-metadata
key\-1=value\-1,key\-2=value\-2,key\-3=value\-3\fR\fR.

If stateful metadata with the given key exists in current instance config, its
value will be overridden with the newly provided one. If the key does not exist
in the current instance config, a new key/value pair will be added.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-instance\fR
Apply the configuration changes immediately to the instance. If you disable this
flag, the managed instance group will apply the config update when you next
recreate or update the instance.

Example: say you have an instance with a disk attached to it and you created a
stateful config for the disk. If you decide to delete the stateful config for
the disk and you provide this flag, the MIG immediately refreshes the instance
and removes the stateful config for the disk. Similarly if you have attached a
new disk or changed its definition, with this flag the MIG immediately refreshes
the instance with the new config.

Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-update\-instance\fR to disable.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to update per\-instance config for. If not
specified, you may be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to update per\-instance config for. If not
specified, you may be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To updates the stateful disk \f5\fImy\-disk\-3\fR\fR to the image provided by
\f5\fIsource\fR\fR, and clear \f5\fImy\-disk1\fR\fR and \f5\fImy\-disk2\fR\fR as
stateful disks, and to add stateful metadata \f5\fImy\-key\fR\fR:
\f5\fImy\-value\fR\fR, on instance \f5\fImy\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs \e
    update my\-group \-\-region=europe\-west4 \-\-instance=my\-instance \e
    \-\-stateful\-disk=device\-name=my\-disk\-3,source=projects/\e
my\-project/zones/us\-central1\-a/disks/my\-disk\-3 \e
    \-\-remove\-stateful\-disks=my\-disk\-1,my\-disk\-2 \e
    \-\-stateful\-metadata='my\-key=my\-value'
.RE

If \f5\fImy\-disk\-3\fR\fR did not exist previously in the per\-instance config,
and if it does not exist in the group's instance template, then the command adds
\f5\fImy\-disk\-3\fR\fR to \f5\fImy\-instance\fR\fR. The command also removes
stateful configuration for \f5\fImy\-disk\-1\fR\fR and \f5\fImy\-disk\-2\fR\fR;
if these disk are not defined in the group's instance template, then they are
detached.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs update
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs update
.RE

