
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAFLOW_JOBS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataflow jobs list \- lists all jobs in a particular project, optionally filtered by region



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataflow jobs list\fR [\fB\-\-created\-after\fR=\fICREATED_AFTER\fR] [\fB\-\-created\-before\fR=\fICREATED_BEFORE\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default=100] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=20] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR By default, 100 jobs in the current project are listed; this can be
overridden with the gcloud \-\-project flag, and the \-\-limit flag.

Using the \-\-region flag will only list jobs from the given regional endpoint.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-created\-after\fR=\fICREATED_AFTER\fR
Filter the jobs to those created after the given time. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on time formats. For example, \f52018\-01\-01\fR is
the first day of the year, and \f5\-P2W\fR is 2 weeks ago.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-created\-before\fR=\fICREATED_BEFORE\fR
Filter the jobs to those created before the given time. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
If provided, only resources from the given region are queried.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR
Filter the jobs to those with the selected status. \fISTATUS\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBactive\fR
Filters the jobs that are running ordered on the creation timestamp.
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
Returns running jobs first, ordered on creation timestamp, then, returns all
terminated jobs ordered on the termination timestamp.
.TP 2m
\fBterminated\fR
Filters the jobs that have a terminated state, ordered on the termination
timestamp. Example terminated states: Done, Updated, Cancelled, etc.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default=100
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fB100\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=20
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB20\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Filter jobs with the given name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow jobs list \-\-filter="name=my\-wordcount"
.RE

List jobs with from a given region:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow jobs list \-\-region="europe\-west1"
.RE

List jobs created this year:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow jobs list \-\-created\-after=2018\-01\-01
.RE

List jobs created more than a week ago:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow jobs list \-\-created\-before=\-P1W
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataflow jobs list
.RE

