
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_MEMBERSHIPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container memberships update \- update a membership



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container memberships update\fR \fIMEMBERSHIP\fR \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing membership in Google Kubernetes Hub.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Membership resource \- membership resource representing a cluster in Google
Kubernetes Hub. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [membership] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR
ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the membership.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
description of the membership resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgkehub/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/gke\-on\-prem/docs/latest/how\-to/connect/registering\-a\-user\-cluster



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

