
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_REGISTRIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot registries delete \- delete a device registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot registries delete\fR (\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a device registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The registry you want to delete. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [registry] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRY\fR
ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudiot/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a device registry, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot registries delete my\-registry \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries delete
$ gcloud beta iot registries delete
.RE

