
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_DIAGNOSE_EXPORT\-LOGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute diagnose export\-logs \- triggers instance to gather logs and upload them to a Cloud Storage Bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute diagnose export\-logs\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-collect\-process\-traces\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Gathers logs from a running Compute Engine VM and exports them to a
Google Cloud Storage Bucket. Outputs a path to the logs within the Bucket.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collect\-process\-traces\fR
Collect a 10 minute trace of the running system. On Windows, this utilizes
Windows Performance Recorder. It records CPU, disk, file, and network activity
during that time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export logs and upload them to a Cloud Storage Bucket, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute diagnose export\-logs example\-instance \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute diagnose export\-logs
.RE

