
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app domain\-mappings \- view and manage your App Engine domain mappings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app domain\-mappings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This set of commands can be used to view and manage your app's domain mappings.

App Engine Domain Mappings allow an application to be served via one or many
custom domains, such as \f5example.com\fR, instead of the default
\f5appspot.com\fR address. You can use a custom domain with or without SSL.

Use the AUTOMATIC management type to automatically provision an SSL certificate
for your domain. Use the MANUAL management type to provide your own certificate
or omit SSL.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Creates a domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Deletes a specified domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describes a specified domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
Lists domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Updates a domain mapping.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your App Engine domains, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings list
.RE

To create a domain with an automatically managed certiticate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings create 'example.com' \e
    \-\-certificate\-management=AUTOMATIC
.RE

To create a domain with a manual certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings create 'example.com'                 \e
    \-\-certificate\-management=manual \-\-certificate\-id=1234
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings
.RE

