
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TPUS_REIMAGE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute tpus reimage \- reimages the OS on a Cloud TPU



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute tpus reimage\fR (\fITPU\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Reimages the OS on a Cloud TPU.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tpu resource \- The Cloud TPU you want to reimage. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [tpu] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITPU\fR
ID of the tpu or fully qualified identifier for the tpu. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
TensorFlow version for the TPU, such as \f51.6\fR. For a list of available
TensorFlow versions please see https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reimages a TPU with ID \f5my\-tpu\fR in zone
\f5us\-central1\-b\fR with TensorFlow version \f51.15\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute tpus reimage my\-tpu \-\-zone=us\-central1\-b \e
    \-\-version=1.15
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus reimage
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus reimage
.RE

