
.TH "GCLOUD_REDIS_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud redis instances create \- create a Memorystore Redis instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud redis instances create\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-alternative\-zone\fR=\fIALTERNATIVE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-redis\-config\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-reserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED_IP_RANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR;\ default="basic"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new Redis instance.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
An instance with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create instances.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
instance you want to create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-alternative\-zone\fR=\fIALTERNATIVE_ZONE\fR
A secondary zone for the Redis instance. Only applicable to the standard tier.
This protects the instance against zonal failures by provisioning it across two
zones. If provided, alternative zone must be a different zone from the one
provided through \f5\-\-zone\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A human\-readable name for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
The name of the Google Compute Engine network to which the instance will be
connected. If left unspecified, the default network will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redis\-config\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
A list of Redis config KEY=VALUE pairs to set on the instance according to
http://redis.io/topics/config. Currently, the only supported parameters are:
maxmemory\-policy, notify\-keyspace\-events.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version of Redis software. \fIVERSION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBredis_3_2\fR
Redis 3.2 compatibility
.TP 2m
\fBredis_4_0\fR
Redis 4.0 compatibility
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED_IP_RANGE\fR
The CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this instance. For
example, 10.0.0.0/29 or 192.168.0.0/29. Range must be unique and
non\-overlapping with existing ranges in the network. If left unspecified, the
service will automatically pick an available range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR; default=1
The memory size of the instance in GiB. If not provided, size of 1 GiB will be
used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR; default="basic"
The service tier of the instance. \fITIER\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbasic\fR
Basic Redis instance with no replication
.TP 2m
\fBstandard\fR
Standard high\-availability Redis instance with replication
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the Redis instance. If not provided the service will pick a random
zone in the region. For the standard tier, instances will be created across two
zones for protection against zonal failures. So if \-\-alternative\-zone is also
provided, it must be different from \-\-zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a basic tier instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in
region \f5us\-central\-1\fR with memory size of 5 GiB, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances create my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-size=5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances create
$ gcloud beta redis instances create
.RE

