
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_CREATE\-VM\-MAINTENANCE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create\-vm\-maintenance \- create a Google Compute Engine VM Maintenance Resource Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create\-vm\-maintenance\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-weekly\-window\-from\-file\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE_FROM_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR\ (\fB\-\-daily\-window\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-weekly\-window\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE\fR)) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create\-vm\-maintenance
creates a Resource Policy which can be attached to instances and specifies what
kind of maintenance operations may be performed and when they can be performed.


\fR

.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the resource policy to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cycle Frequency Group. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

From file

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-weekly\-window\-from\-file\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE_FROM_FILE\fR
A file which defines a weekly cadence with multiple days and start times. The
format is a JSON/YAML file containing a list of objects with the following
fields:

day: Day of the week with the same choices as \-\-weekly\-window. startTime:
Start time of the snapshot schedule with the same format as \-\-start\-time.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

From flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Start time of a four\-hour window in which maintenance activity should start in
given cadence.. Valid choices are 00:00, 04:00, 08:00,12:00, 16:00 and 20:00
UTC. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats. For example,
\f5\-\-start\-time="03:00\-05"\fR (which gets converted to 08:00 UTC). This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-daily\-window\fR
Maintenance activity window occurs daily at START_TIME.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-weekly\-window\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE\fR
Maintenance activity window occurs weekly on WEEKLY_WINDOW at START_TIME.
\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE\fR must be one of: \fBmonday\fR, \fBtuesday\fR, \fBwednesday\fR,
\fBthursday\fR, \fBfriday\fR, \fBsaturday\fR, \fBsunday\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the resource policy to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

