
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_WORKER\-POOLS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds worker\-pools create \- create a worker pool for use by Google Cloud Build



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds worker\-pools create\fR ([\fIWORKER_POOL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-worker\-count\fR=\fIWORKER_COUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-worker\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_DISK_SIZE\fR\ \fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-worker\-tag\fR=\fIWORKER_TAG\fR\ \fB\-\-worker\-network\-name\fR=\fIWORKER_NETWORK_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-worker\-network\-project\fR=\fIWORKER_NETWORK_PROJECT\fR\ \fB\-\-worker\-network\-subnet\fR=\fIWORKER_NETWORK_SUBNET\fR]\ \fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a worker pool for use by Google Cloud Build.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Command\-line flags to configure the WorkerPool:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKER_POOL\fR
The WorkerPool to create. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
The Cloud region or regions in which to create the WorkerPool.

Choices: us\-central1, us\-west1, us\-east1, us\-east4.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-count\fR=\fIWORKER_COUNT\fR
Total number of workers to be created across all requested regions.

.TP 2m

Configuration to be used for creating workers in the WorkerPool:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_DISK_SIZE\fR
Size of the disk attached to the worker.

If not given, Cloud Build will use a standard disk size.
\f5\-\-worker\-disk\-size\fR is overridden if you specify a different disk size
using \f5\-\-disk\-size\fR during \f5gcloud builds submit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
Machine Type of the worker, such as n1\-standard\-1.

See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine\-types.

If left blank, Cloud Build will use a standard unspecified machine to create the
worker pool.

\f5\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR is overridden if you specify a different machine
type using \f5\-\-machine\-type\fR during \f5gcloud builds submit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-tag\fR=\fIWORKER_TAG\fR
The tag applied to the worker, and the same tag used by the firewall rule.

It is used to identify the Cloud Build workers among other VMs. The default
value for tag is \f5worker\fR.

.TP 2m

The network definition used to create the worker. If all of these flags are
unused, the workers will be created in the WorkerPool's project on the default
network. You cannot specify just one of these flags: it is all or none. However,
you can set them to the empty string in order to use the default settings.



.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-network\-name\fR=\fIWORKER_NETWORK_NAME\fR
Network on which the workers are created.

\f5default\fR network is used if empty string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-network\-project\fR=\fIWORKER_NETWORK_PROJECT\fR
ID of the project containing the given network and subnet.

The workerpool's project is used if empty string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-network\-subnet\fR=\fIWORKER_NETWORK_SUBNET\fR
Subnet on which the workers are created.

\f5default\fR subnet is used if empty string.

.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR
A file that contains the configuration for the WorkerPool to be created.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

