
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_INSTANCE\-CONFIGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs \- manage instance\-specific settings in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage instance\-specific settings in a managed instance group.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a per\-instance config for an instance in a managed
instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete per\-instance configs from a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List per\-instance configs of a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update per\-instance config of a managed instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs
.RE

