
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute addresses describe \- display detailed information about an address



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute addresses describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute addresses describe\fR displays all data
associated with an address in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the address to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the address is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the address to describe. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a global address, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute addresses describe ADDRESS \-\-global
.RE

To get details about a regional address, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute addresses describe ADDRESS \e
    \-\-region us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses describe
$ gcloud beta compute addresses describe
.RE

