
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_DATABASES_DDL_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner databases ddl update \- update the DDL for a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner databases ddl update\fR (\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the DDL for a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database of which the ddl to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [database] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR
Semi\-colon separated DDL (data definition language) statements to run inside
the database. If a statement fails, all subsequent statements in the batch are
automatically cancelled.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add a column to a table in the given Cloud Spanner database, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases ddl update my\-database\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id
    \-\-ddl='ALTER TABLE test_table ADD COLUMN a INT64'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases ddl update
$ gcloud beta spanner databases ddl update
.RE

