
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_OPERATIONS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha active\-directory operations cancel \- cancel a Managed Microsoft AD operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha active\-directory operations cancel\fR \fINAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a Managed Microsoft AD operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The operation name to cancel. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[NAME] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command cancels an operation called
\f5operation\-1484002552235\-425b144f8c3f8\-81aa4b49\-0830d1e9\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory operations cancel \e
    operation\-1484002552235\-425b144f8c3f8\-81aa4b49\-0830d1e9
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud active\-directory operations cancel
$ gcloud beta active\-directory operations cancel
.RE

