
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-SSL\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute target\-ssl\-proxies create \- create a target SSL proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute target\-ssl\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR \fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR,[...] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fB\-\-ssl\-policy\fR=\fISSL_POLICY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute target\-ssl\-proxies create\fR is used to
create target SSL proxies. A target SSL proxy is referenced by one or more
forwarding rules which define which packets the proxy is responsible for
routing. The target SSL proxy points to a backend service which handle the
actual requests. The target SSL proxy also points to at most 15 SSL certificates
used for server\-side authentication. The target SSL proxy can be associated
with at most one SSL policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target SSL proxy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for connections to the target SSL proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-certificates\fR=\fISSL_CERTIFICATE\fR,[...]
References to at most 15 SSL certificate resources that are used for
server\-side authentication. The first SSL certificate in this list is
considered the primary SSL certificate associated with the load balancer. The
SSL certificate must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a target
SSL proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target SSL proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Enables PROXY protocol (version 1) for passing client connection information.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssl\-policy\fR=\fISSL_POLICY\fR
A reference to an SSL policy resource that defines the server\-side support for
SSL features and affects the connections between clients and the SSL proxy load
balancer. The SSL policy must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target SSL proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-ssl\-proxies create
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-ssl\-proxies create
.RE

