
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_INVALIDATE\-CDN\-CACHE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache \- invalidate specified objects for a URL map in Cloud CDN caches



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache\fR \fIURLMAP\fR \fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache\fR
requests that Cloud CDN stop using cached content for resources at a particular
URL path or set of URL paths.

\fBgcloud alpha compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache\fR may succeed even if
no content is cached for some or all URLs with the given path.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURLMAP\fR
Name of the URL map to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR
A path specifying which objects to invalidate. PATH must start with ``/'' and
the only place a ``*'' is allowed is at the end following a ``/''. It will be
matched against URL paths, which do not include scheme, host, or any text after
the first ``?'' or ``#'' (and those characters are not allowed here). For
example, for the URL \f5\fIhttps://example.com/whatever/x.html?a=b\fR\fR, the
path is \f5\fI/whatever/x.html\fR\fR.

If PATH ends with ``*'', the preceding string is a prefix, and all URLs whose
paths begin with it will be invalidated. If PATH doesn't end with ``*'', then
only URLs with exactly that path will be invalidated.

Examples:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
``'', ``*'', anything that doesn't start with ``/'': error
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/'': just the root URL
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/*'': everything
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/x/y'': ``/x/y'' only (and not ``/x/y/'')
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/x/y/'': ``/x/y/'' only (and not ``/x/y'')
.IP "\(em" 2m
``/x/y/*'': ``/x/y/'' and everything under it
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
If set, this invalidation will apply only to requests to the specified host.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps invalidate\-cdn\-cache
.RE

