
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_ROLLING\-ACTION_RESTART" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action restart \- restarts instances in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action restart\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action
restart\fR restarts instances in a managed instance group, effectively
performing a stop and start request. Note, if your request requires that the
instance be replaced to pick up changes, a forced \f5replace\fR will be
performed instead.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR
Maximum number of instances that can be unavailable during the update process.
This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the managed
instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR
Minimum time for which a newly created instance should be ready to be considered
available. For example \f510s\fR for 10 seconds. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action restart
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action restart
.RE

