
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit \- submit Google Cloud Dataproc jobs to execute on a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit Google Cloud Dataproc jobs to execute on a cluster.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBhadoop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a Hadoop job to a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBhive\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a Hive job to a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBpig\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a Pig job to a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBpresto\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a Presto job to a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBpyspark\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a PySpark job to a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBspark\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a Spark job to a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBspark\-r\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a SparkR job to a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBspark\-sql\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a Spark SQL job to a cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Hadoop MapReduce job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit hadoop \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-jar my_jar.jar \-\- arg1 arg2
.RE

To submit a Spark Scala or Java job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit spark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-jar my_jar.jar \-\- arg1 arg2
.RE

To submit a PySpark job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit pyspark \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    my_script.py \-\- arg1 arg2
.RE

To submit a Spark SQL job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit spark\-sql \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-file my_queries.q
.RE

To submit a Pig job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit pig \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-file my_script.pig
.RE

To submit a Hive job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit hive \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-file my_queries.q
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit
.RE

