
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANT\-SNAPSHOTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instant\-snapshots create \- create Compute Engine instant snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instant\-snapshots create\fR \fIINSTANT_SNAPSHOT_NAME\fR \fB\-\-source\-disk\fR=\fISOURCE_DISK\fR [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Compute Engine instant snapshots.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANT_SNAPSHOT_NAME\fR
Name of the instant snapshot to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Source disk options

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-disk\fR=\fISOURCE_DISK\fR
Source disk used to create the instant snapshot.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the instant snapshot to create. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instant snapshot to create. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

