
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_SET\-TARGET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules set\-target \- modify a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a new target



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR) [\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR;\ default="EXTERNAL"] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR is used
to set a new target for a forwarding rule. A forwarding rule directs traffic
that matches a bound IP address to a forwarding target (load balancer, VPN
gateway or VM instance).

Forwarding rules can be either global or regional, specified with the
\f5\fI\-\-global\fR\fR or \f5\fI\-\-region=REGION\fR\fR flag. Global forwarding
rules work with global load balancers, which include target HTTP proxies, target
HTTPS proxies, target SSL proxies and target TCP proxies; regional forwarding
rules work with regional or zonal targets, which include target pools, target
instances and target VPN gateways and backend services.

Forwarding rules can be either external or internal, specified with the
\f5\fI\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=[EXTERNAL|INTERNAL]\fR\fR flag. External
forwarding rules are accessible from the internet, while internal forwarding
rules are only accessible from within their VPC networks. You can specify a
reserved static external or internal IP address with the
\f5\fI\-\-address=ADDRESS\fR\fR flag for the forwarding rule. Otherwise if the
flag is unspecified, an external forwaring rule will be automatically assigned
an ephemeral external IP address (global IP addresses for global forwarding
rules and regional IP addresses for regional forwarding rules); an internal
forwarding rule will be automatically assigned an ephemeral internal IP address
from the subnet specified with the \f5\fI\-\-subnet\fR\fR flag.

There are different types of load balancer working at different layers of the
OSI networking model (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_layer). Layer 3 load
balancer targets include target pools, target SSL proxies, target TCP proxies
and backend services. Layer 7 load balancer targets include target HTTP proxies
and target HTTPS proxies. For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/.


When creating a forwarding rule, exactly one of
\f5\fI\-\-target\-instance\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-pool\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\fR,
\f5\fI\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR\fR, \f5\fI\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR\fR or
\f5\fI\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR\fR must be specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the forwarding rule to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
The target backend service that will receive the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR
The target HTTP proxy that will receive the traffic. Acceptable values for
\-\-ports flag are: 80, 8080.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR
The target HTTPS proxy that will receive the traffic. Acceptable values for
\-\-ports flag are: 443.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR
The name of the target instance that will receive the traffic. The target
instance must be in a zone that's in the forwarding rule's region. Global
forwarding rules may not direct traffic to target instances. If not specified
and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR
The target pool that will receive the traffic. The target pool must be in the
same region as the forwarding rule. Global forwarding rules may not direct
traffic to target pools.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR
The target SSL proxy that will receive the traffic. Acceptable values for
\-\-ports flag are: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883,
5222.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR
The target TCP proxy that will receive the traffic. Acceptable values for
\-\-ports flag are: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883,
5222.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
The target VPN gateway that will receive forwarded traffic. Acceptable values
for \-\-ports flag are: 500, 4500.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR; default="EXTERNAL"
This signifies what the forwarding rule will be used for.
\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBEXTERNAL\fR
External load balancing or forwarding, used with one of \-\-target\-http\-proxy,
\-\-target\-https\-proxy, \-\-target\-tcp\-proxy, \-\-target\-ssl\-proxy,
\-\-target\-pool, \-\-target\-vpn\-gateway, \-\-target\-instance.
.TP 2m
\fBINTERNAL\fR
Internal load balancing or forwarding, used with \-\-backend\-service.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
(Only for \-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=INTERNAL) The network that this forwarding
rule applies to. If this field is not specified, the default network will be
used. In the absence of the default network, this field must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
(Only for \-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=INTERNAL) The subnetwork that this
forwarding rule applies to. If the network configured for this forwarding rule
is in auto subnet mode, this flag is optional and the subnet in the same region
of the forwarding rule will be used. However, if the network is in custom subnet
mode, a subnetwork must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR
The region of the subnetwork to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
The zone of the target instance to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR
The region of the target pool to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
The region of the VPN gateway to operate on. If not specified it will be set the
region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. If not specified it will be set
the region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the forwarding rule to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target
$ gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules set\-target
.RE

