
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI_HP\-TUNING\-JOBS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai hp\-tuning\-jobs create \- create a hyperparameter tuning job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai hp\-tuning\-jobs create\fR \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-algorithm\fR=\fIALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-trial\-count\fR=\fIMAX_TRIAL_COUNT\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-parallel\-trial\-count\fR=\fIPARALLEL_TRIAL_COUNT\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a hyperparameter tuning job.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Path to the job configuration file. This file should be a YAML document
containing a HyperparameterTuningSpec. If an option is specified both in the
configuration file **and** via command line arguments, the command line
arguments override the configuration file.

Example(YAML):

.RS 2m
displayName: TestHpTuningJob
maxTrialCount: 1
parallelTrialCount: 1
studySpec:
  metrics:
  \- metricId: x
    goal: MINIMIZE
  parameters:
  \- parameterId: z
    integerValueSpec:
      minValue: 1
      maxValue: 100
  algorithm: RANDOM_SEARCH
trialJobSpec:
  workerPoolSpecs:
  \- machineSpec:
      machineType: n1\-standard\-4
    replicaCount: 1
    containerSpec:
      imageUri: gcr.io/ucaip\-test/ucaip\-training\-test
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Display name of the hyperparameter tuning job to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-algorithm\fR=\fIALGORITHM\fR
Search algorithm specified for the given study. \fIALGORITHM\fR must be one of:
\fBalgorithm\-unspecified\fR, \fBgrid\-search\fR, \fBrandom\-search\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-trial\-count\fR=\fIMAX_TRIAL_COUNT\fR; default=1
Desired total number of trials. The default value is 1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parallel\-trial\-count\fR=\fIPARALLEL_TRIAL_COUNT\fR; default=1
Desired number of Trials to run in parallel. The default value is 1.

.TP 2m

Region resource \- Cloud region to upload model. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-region] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[ai/region] with a fully specified name; region with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
ID of the region or fully qualified identifier for the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai hp\-tuning\-jobs create
.RE

