
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HELP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha help \- search gcloud help text



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha help\fR [\fICOMMAND\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default=5] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...];\ default="~relevance"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fISEARCH_TERMS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR If a full gcloud command is specified after the \f5\fIhelp\fR\fR
operand, gcloud alpha help prints a detailed help message for that command.

Otherwise, gcloud alpha help runs a search for all commands with help text
matching the given argument or arguments. It prints the command name and a
summary of the help text for any command that it finds as a result.

To run a search directly, you can use remainder arguments, following a
\f5\-\-\fR.

By default, command results are displayed in a table that shows the name of the
command and snippets of the help text that relate to your search terms.

By default, search results are sorted from most to least relevant by default,
using a localized rating based on several heuristics. These heuristics may
change in future runs of this command.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fICOMMAND\fR ...]
Sequence of names representing a gcloud group or command name.

If the arguments provide the name of a gcloud command, the full help text of
that command will be displayed. Otherwise, all arguments will be considered
search terms and used to search through all of gcloud's help text.

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fISEARCH_TERMS\fR ...]
Search terms. The command will return a list of gcloud commands that are
relevant to the searched term. If this argument is provided, the command will
always return a list of search results rather than displaying help text of a
single command.

For example, to search for commands that relate to the term \f5project\fR or
\f5folder\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha help \-\- project folder
.RE


The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and SEARCH_TERMS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default=5
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fB5\fR. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]; default="~relevance"
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR. The
default is \fB~relevance\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the help for the command \f5gcloud projects describe\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha help projects describe
.RE

To search for all commands whose help text contains the word \f5project\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha help \-\- project
.RE

To search for commands whose help text contains the word \f5project\fR and the
string \f5\-\-foo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha help \-\- project \-\-foo
.RE

To search and receive more than the default limit of 5 search results, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha help \-\-limit=20 \-\- project
.RE

To search for a term and sort the results by a different characteristic, such as
command name, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha help \-\-sort\-by=name \-\- project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud help
$ gcloud beta help
.RE

