
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_TABLES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable instances tables set\-iam\-policy \- set an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable instances tables set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fITABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable table.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- Cloud Bigtable table to set the IAM policy on. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [table] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the IAM policy from file 'my\-policy' on the table 'my\-table' in
instance 'my\-instance', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta bigtable instances tables set\-iam\-policy my\-table \e
    \-\-instance='my\-instance' my\-policy
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for more information.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances tables set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables set\-iam\-policy
.RE

