
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_EXPORT_BQ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores export bq \- export Cloud Healthcare API FHIR resources to BigQuery



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores export bq\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-bq\-dataset\fR=\fIBQ_DATASET\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-recursive\-depth\fR=\fIRECURSIVE_DEPTH\fR] [\fB\-\-schema\-type\fR=\fISCHEMA_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export Cloud Healthcare API FHIR resources to BigQuery.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store to export resources from.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[fhir_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bq\-dataset\fR=\fIBQ_DATASET\fR
BigQuery dataset that houses the BigQuery tables.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recursive\-depth\fR=\fIRECURSIVE_DEPTH\fR
The depth for all recursive structures in the output analytics schema. For
example, concept in the CodeSystem resource is a recursive structure; when the
depth is 2, the CodeSystem table will have a column called concept.concept but
not concept.concept.concept. If not specified or set to 0, the server will use
the default value 2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\-type\fR=\fISCHEMA_TYPE\fR
Specifies the output schema type. If unspecified, the default is \f5LOSSLESS\fR.
\fISCHEMA_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBanalytics\fR
Analytics schema defined by the FHIR community. See
https://github.com/rbrush/sql\-on\-fhir/blob/master/sql\-on\-fhir.md.

.TP 2m
\fBlossless\fR
Schema generated from original FHIR data.

.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export the fhir\-store 'test\-fhir\-store' to the BigQuery dataset
\'bqdataset', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores export bq test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-bq\-dataset=bq://my\-project.bqdataset \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE

To perform the same export, but with the 'ANALYTICS' schema and the recursive
structure depth of 3, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores export bq test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-bq\-dataset=bq://my\-project.bqdataset \-\-dataset=test\-dataset \e
    \-\-schema\-type=analytics \-\-recursive\-depth=3
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores export bq
.RE

