
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine jobs describe \- describe a Cloud ML Engine job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine jobs describe\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fB\-\-summarize\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud ML Engine job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
Name of the job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-summarize\fR
Summarize job output in a set of human readable tables instead of rendering the
entire resource as json or yaml. The tables currently rendered are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Job Overview\fR: Overview of job including, jobId, status and create time.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Training Input Summary\fR: Summary of input for a training job including
region, main training python module and scale tier.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Training Output Summary\fR: Summary of output for a training job including
the amount of ML units consumed by the job.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Training Output Trials\fR: Summary of hyperparameter trials run for a
hyperparameter tuning training job.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Predict Input Summary\fR: Summary of input for a prediction job including
region, model verion and output path.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Predict Output Summary\fR: Summary of output for a prediction job including
prediction count and output path.

.RE
.RE
.sp
This flag overrides the \f5\-\-format\fR flag. If both are present on the
command line, a warning is displayed.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine jobs describe
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine jobs describe
.RE

