
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_REDIS_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta redis instances delete \- delete a Redis instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta redis instances delete\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Memorystore Redis instance.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The instance specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given instance.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
instance you want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set
the property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance or a fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes an instance with the name
\f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in your default region:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta redis instances delete my\-redis\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances delete
.RE

