
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-BUCKETS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute backend\-buckets update \- update a backend bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute backend\-buckets update\fR \fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-signed\-url\-cache\-max\-age\fR=\fISIGNED_URL_CACHE_MAX_AGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute backend\-buckets update\fR is used to update
backend buckets.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR
Name of the backend bucket to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR
Enable Cloud CDN for the backend bucket. Cloud CDN can cache HTTP responses from
a backend bucket at the edge of the network, close to users.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR
The name of the Google Cloud Storage bucket to serve from. The storage bucket
must be in the same project.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signed\-url\-cache\-max\-age\fR=\fISIGNED_URL_CACHE_MAX_AGE\fR
The amount of time up to which the response to a signed URL request will be
cached in the CDN. After this time period, the Signed URL will be revalidated
before being served. Cloud CDN will internally act as though all responses from
this backend had a \f5Cache\-Control: public, max\-age=[TTL]\fR header,
regardless of any existing Cache\-Control header. The actual headers served in
responses will not be altered.

For example, specifying \f512h\fR will cause the responses to signed URL
requests to be cached in the CDN up to 12 hours. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

This flag only affects signed URL requests.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-buckets update
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets update
.RE

