
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_IMAGES_ADD\-TAG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container images add\-tag \- adds tags to existing image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container images add\-tag\fR \fISRC_IMAGE\fR \fIDEST_IMAGE\fR [\fIDEST_IMAGE\fR\ ...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The container images add\-tag command adds the tag(s) specified in
the second (and following) tag parameter(s) to the image referenced in the first
tag parameter. Repositories must be hosted by the Google Container Registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISRC_IMAGE\fR
The fully qualified name(s) of image(s) to add tags for. The name(s) should be
formatted as *.gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/IMAGE_PATH@sha256:DIGEST or
*.gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/IMAGE_PATH:TAG.

.TP 2m
\fIDEST_IMAGE\fR [\fIDEST_IMAGE\fR ...]
The fully qualified name(s) of image(s) to be the new tags. The name(s) should
be formatted as *.gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/IMAGE_PATH:TAG.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Add a tag to another tag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container images add\-tag \e
    gcr.io/myproject/myimage:mytag1
  gcr.io/myproject/myimage:mytag2
.RE

Add a tag to a digest

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container images add\-tag \e
    gcr.io/myproject/myimage@sha256:digest
  gcr.io/myproject/myimage:mytag2
.RE

Add a tag to latest

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container images add\-tag gcr.io/myproject/myimage
  gcr.io/myproject/myimage:mytag2
.RE

Promote a tag to latest

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container images add\-tag \e
    gcr.io/myproject/myimage:mytag1
  gcr.io/myproject/myimage:latest
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container images add\-tag
$ gcloud beta container images add\-tag
.RE

