
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN_SSH\-KEYS_ADD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys add \- add an SSH public key to an OS Login profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys add\fR (\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys add\fR accepts either
a string containing an SSH public key or a filename for an SSH public key and
adds that key to the user's OS Login profile.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The SSH public key to add to the OS Login Profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing an SSH public key to add to the OS Login Profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR
The amount of time before the SSH key expires. For example, specifying
\f5\fI30m\fR\fR will set the expiration time on the SSH key for 30 minutes from
the current time. A value of 0 will result in no expiration time. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add the key in \f5/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa.pub\fR to your OS Login profile,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys add \e
    \-\-key\-file=/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
.RE

To add the same key, but with a one year expiration time, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys add \e
    \-\-key\-file=/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa.pub \-\-ttl=1y
.RE

To add a key not stored in a file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys add \e
    \-\-key='ssh\-rsa AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAA...MTg+InRG47+/O4/uWEOy6gIQEF
 user@example.com'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys add
$ gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys add
.RE

