
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks \- manage Cloud Tasks queues and tasks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Tasks queues and tasks.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get information about Cloud Tasks locations.

.TP 2m
\fBqueues\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Tasks queues.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBacknowledge\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Acknowledge the lease on a task in a pull queue.

.TP 2m
\fBcancel\-lease\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel the lease on a task in a pull queue.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-app\-engine\-task\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and add a task that targets App Engine.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-http\-task\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and add a task that targets a HTTP endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-pull\-task\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and add a task to a pull queue.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a task from a queue.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a task.

.TP 2m
\fBlease\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Leases a list of tasks and displays them.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List tasks.

.TP 2m
\fBrenew\-lease\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Renew the lease on a task in a pull queue.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Force a task to run now.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud tasks
$ gcloud beta tasks
.RE

