
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_DICOM\-STORES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores create \- create a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores create\fR (\fIDICOM_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

DicomStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store to create. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dicom_store] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDICOM_STORE\fR
ID of the dicomStore or fully qualified identifier for the dicomStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic to send updates to.

Note: A topic must be created before publishing or subscribing to it. For
instructions on creating topics, refer to:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/admin#create_a_topic


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a dicom store called 'test\-dicom\-store', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores create test\-dicom\-store \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE

To create a dicom store with the Cloud Pub/Sub topic 'test\-pubsub\-topic', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores create test\-dicom\-store \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset \e
    \-\-pubsub\-topic=projects/my\-project/topics/test\-pubsub\-topic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores create
.RE

