
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_MONITORING_DASHBOARDS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta monitoring dashboards update \- update a Stackdriver Monitoring dashboard



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta monitoring dashboards update\fR \fIDASHBOARD\fR (\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Stackdriver Monitoring dashboard. The updated dashboard
can be specified as a JSON/YAML value passed in as a string through the
\f5\-\-config\fR flag or as a file through the \f5\-\-config\-from\-file\fR
flag.

Note: Etags are used to prevent concurrent updates to the same dashboard. The
latest etag can be found in a \f5describe\fR or \f5list\fR response.

For information about the format of a dashboard:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rest/v1/projects.dashboards



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dashboard resource \- The dashboard to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dashboard] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDASHBOARD\fR
ID of the dashboard or fully qualified identifier for the dashboard.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Dashboard configuration, in either JSON or YAML format, as a string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the dashboard configuration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a dashboard with a YAML config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards update MY\-DASHBOARD \-\-config='''
  displayName: New Dashboard with New Display Name
  etag: 40d1040034db4e5a9dee931ec1b12c0d
  gridLayout:
    widgets:
    \- text:
        content: Hello World
  '''
.RE

To update a dashboard with a JSON config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards update MY\-DASHBOARD \-\-config='''
  {
    "displayName": "New Dashboard with New Display Name",
    "etag": "40d1040034db4e5a9dee931ec1b12c0d",
    "gridLayout": {
      "widgets": [
        {
          "text": {
            "content": "Hello World",
          }
        }
      ]
    },
  }
  '''
.RE

To update a dashboard within a specific project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards update MY\-DASHBOARD \e
    \-\-project=MY\-PROJECT \-\-config='''
  displayName: New Dashboard with New Display Name
  etag: 40d1040034db4e5a9dee931ec1b12c0d
  gridLayout:
    widgets:
    \- text:
        content: Hello World
  '''
.RE

To update a dashboard with a file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards update MY\-DASHBOARD \e
    \-\-config\-from\-file=MY\-FILE
.RE

.RS 2m
Sample contents of MY\-FILE:
.RE

.RS 2m
displayName: New Dashboard with new Display Name
etag: 40d1040034db4e5a9dee931ec1b12c0d
gridLayout:
  widgets:
  \- text:
      content: Hello World
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards update
.RE

