
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_COMMITMENTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute commitments list \- list Google Compute Engine commitments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute commitments list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List Google Compute Engine commitments.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of
resources.

Argument \f5NAME\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name=( 'NAME' ... )"\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
(DEPRECATED) Regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names
that do not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

Flag \f5\-\-regexp\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name~'REGEXP'"\fR
instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, only resources from the given regions are queried.

Flag \f5\-\-regions\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="region:( REGION ...
)"\fR instead. For example \f5\-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 europe\-west2
)"\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute commitments list
$ gcloud beta compute commitments list
.RE

