
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container binauthz \- manage attestations for Binary Authorization on Google Cloud Platform



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container binauthz\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Binary Authorization is a feature which allows binaries to run on Google Cloud
Platform only if they are appropriately attested. Binary Authorization is
configured by creating a policy.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBattestations\fR
Create and manage Google Binary Authorization attestations.

.TP 2m
\fBattestors\fR
Create and manage Google Binary Authorization Attestors.

.TP 2m
\fBpolicy\fR
Create and manage Google Binary Authorization policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-signature\-payload\fR
Create a JSON container image signature object.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

This example assumes that you have created a keypair using gpg, usually by
running \f5gpg \-\-gen\-key ...\fR, with \f5Name\-Email\fR set to
\f5attesting_user@example.com\fR for your attestor.

First, some convenience variables for brevity:

.RS 2m
ATTESTING_USER="attesting_user@example.com"
DIGEST="000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000abcd"
ARTIFACT_URL="gcr.io/example\-project/example\-image@sha256:${DIGEST}"
ATTESTOR_NAME="projects/example\-project/attestors/canary"
.RE

Export your key's fingerprint (note this may differ based on version and
implementations of gpg):

.RS 2m
gpg \e
    \-\-with\-colons \e
    \-\-with\-fingerprint \e
    \-\-force\-v4\-certs \e
    \-\-list\-keys \e
    "${ATTESTING_USER}" | grep fpr | cut \-\-delimiter=':' \-\-fields 10
.RE

This should produce a 40 character, hexidecimal encoded string. See
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4880#section\-12.2 for more information on key
fingerprints.

Create your attestation payload:

.RS 2m
gcloud container binauthz create\-signature\-payload \e
    \-\-artifact\-url="${ARTIFACT_URL}" \e
  > example_payload.txt
.RE

Create a signature from your attestation payload:

.RS 2m
gpg \e
  \-\-local\-user "${ATTESTING_USER}" \e
  \-\-armor \e
  \-\-clearsign \e
  \-\-output example_signature.pgp \e
  example_payload.txt
.RE

Upload the attestation:

.RS 2m
gcloud container binauthz attestations create \e
  \-\-public\-key\-id=${KEY_FINGERPRINT} \e
  \-\-signature\-file=example_signature.pgp \e
  \-\-artifact\-url="${ARTIFACT_URL}" \e
  \-\-attestor=${ATTESTOR_NAME}
.RE

List the attestation by artifact URL. \f5\-\-format\fR can be passed to output
the attestations as json or another supported format:

.RS 2m
gcloud container binauthz attestations list \e
  \-\-artifact\-url="${ARTIFACT_URL}" \e
  \-\-format=yaml
.RE

.RS 2m
  \-\-\-
  \- |
    \-\-\-\-\-BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK\-\-\-\-\-
    Version: GnuPG v1
    ... SNIP ...
    \-\-\-\-\-END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK\-\-\-\-\-
  \- |
    \-\-\-\-\-BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE\-\-\-\-\-
    Hash: SHA1
    ... SNIP ...
    \-\-\-\-\-BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE\-\-\-\-\-
    Version: GnuPG v1
    ... SNIP ...
    \-\-\-\-\-END PGP SIGNATURE\-\-\-\-\-
.RE

List all artifact URLs on the project for which Container Analysis Occurrences
exist. This list includes the list of all URLs with BinAuthz attestations:

.RS 2m
gcloud container binauthz attestations list
.RE

.RS 2m
  \-\-\-
  https://gcr.io/example\-project/example\-image@sha256:000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000abcd
  ...
.RE

Listing also works for kind=ATTESTATION_AUTHORITY attestations, just pass the
attestor:

.RS 2m
gcloud container binauthz attestations list \e
  \-\-artifact\-url="${ARTIFACT_URL}" \e
  \-\-attestor=${ATTESTOR_NAME} \e
  \-\-format=yaml
.RE

.RS 2m
  ...
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz
$ gcloud beta container binauthz
.RE

