
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_HUB_MEMBERSHIPS_UNREGISTER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container hub memberships unregister \- unregister a cluster from Hub



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container hub memberships unregister\fR \fICLUSTER_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-gke\-cluster\fR=\fILOCATION\fR/\fICLUSTER_NAME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-gke\-uri\fR=\fIGKE_URI\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR]) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command unregisters a cluster with the Hub by:

.RS 2m
1. Deleting the Hub Membership resource for this cluster (a.k.a
   `gcloud container hub memberships delete`).
2. Removing the corresponding in\-cluster Kubernetes Resources that make the
   cluster exclusive to one Hub (a.k.a `kubectl delete memberships
   membership`).
3. Uninstalling the Connect Agent from this cluster (a.k.a
   `kubectl delete on the gke\-connect namespace`).
.RE

The unregister command makes additional internal checks to ensure that all three
steps can be safely done to properly clean\-up in\-Hub and in\-cluster
resources.

To register a non\-GKE cluster use \-\-context flag (with an optional
\-\-kubeconfig flag).

To register a GKE cluster use \-\-gke\-cluster or \-\-gke\-uri flag (no
\-\-kubeconfig flag is required).

To only delete the Hub membership resource, consider using the command:
\f5gcloud container hub memberships delete\fR. This command is intended to
delete stale Hub Membership resources as doing so on a fully registered cluster
will skip some of the steps above and orphan in\-cluster resources and agent
connections to Google.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER_NAME\fR
The membership name that corresponds to the cluster being unregistered. To get
list of all the memberships on the Hub, consider using the command: \f5gcloud
container hub memberships list\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster identifier. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gke\-cluster\fR=\fILOCATION\fR/\fICLUSTER_NAME\fR
The location/name of the GKE cluster. The location can be a zone or a region for
e.g \f5us\-central1\-a/my\-cluster\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gke\-uri\fR=\fIGKE_URI\fR
The URI of the GKE cluster; for example,
\'https://container.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/locations/us\-central1\-a/clusters/my\-cluster'
The URI can obtain by calling: gcloud container clusters list \-\-uri This is
only valid if the represented cluster is a GKE cluster. The provided URI will be
validated to confirm that it maps to the valid GKE cluster.

.TP 2m

Non\-GKE cluster identifier.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The cluster context as it appears in the kubeconfig file. You can get this value
from the command line by running command: \f5kubectl config current\-context\fR.
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The kubeconfig file containing an entry for the cluster. Defaults to $KUBECONFIG
if it is set in the environment, otherwise defaults to $HOME/.kube/config.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Unregister a non\-GKE cluster referenced from a specific kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub memberships unregister my\-cluster \e
  \-\-context=my\-cluster\-context \e
  \-\-kubeconfig=/home/user/custom_kubeconfig
.RE

Unregister a non\-GKE cluster referenced from the default kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub memberships unregister my\-cluster \e
    \-\-context=my\-cluster\-context
.RE

Unregister a GKE cluster referenced from a GKE URI:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub memberships unregister my\-cluster \e
  \-\-gke\-uri=my\-cluster\-gke\-uri
.RE

Unregister a GKE cluster referenced from a GKE Cluster location and name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub memberships unregister my\-cluster \e
  \-\-gke\-cluster=my\-cluster\-region\-or\-zone/my\-cluster
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub memberships unregister
$ gcloud beta container hub memberships unregister
.RE

