
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types \- commands for Deployment Manager types



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to show available resource types.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a type.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a composite type.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a type.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a type provider type.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a composite type.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all available resource types, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager types
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager types
.RE

