
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_VPN\-GATEWAYS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways delete \- delete Compute Engine Highly Available VPN Gateways



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways delete\fR is used to delete
one or more Compute Engine Highly Available VPN Gateways. VPN Gateways can only
be deleted when no VPN tunnels refer to them.

Highly Available VPN Gateway provides a means to create a VPN solution with a
higher availability SLA compared to Classic Target VPN Gateway. Highly Available
VPN gateways are simply referred to as VPN gateways in the API documentation and
gcloud commands. A VPN Gateway can reference one or more VPN tunnels that
connect it to external VPN gateways or Cloud VPN Gateways.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the VPN Gateways to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the VPN Gateways to delete. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a VPN gateway, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways delete my\-gateway \e
  \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute vpn\-gateways delete
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-gateways delete
.RE

