
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute url\-maps export \- export a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute url\-maps export\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Exports a URL map's configuration to a file. This configuration can be imported
at a later time.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP\fR
Name of the URL map to export.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the url map configuration will be exported. The
exported data will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may
omit this flag to write to standard output. A schema describing the
export/import format can be found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/v1/UrlMap.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

A URL map can be exported by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps export NAME \-\-destination=<path\-to\-file>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps export
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps export
.RE

