
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis instances update \- update Memorystore Redis instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis instances update\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-redis\-config\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-redis\-config\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the metadata and/or configuration parameters of a Redis
instance.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The instance specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to update the given instance.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
instance you want to update. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A human\-readable name for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-redis\-config\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of Redis config parameters to remove. Removing a non\-existent config
parameter is silently ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
The memory size of the instance in GiB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-redis\-config\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
A list of Redis config KEY=VALUE pairs to update according to
http://redis.io/topics/config. If a config parameter is already set, its value
is modified; otherwise a new Redis config parameter is added. Currently, the
only supported parameters are: maxmemory\-policy, notify\-keyspace\-events.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a Redis instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR to have the
display name "Cache for Foo Service", and add the two labels, \f5env\fR and
\f5service\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances update my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-display\-name="Cache for Foo Service" \e
    \-\-update\-labels=env=test,service=foo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances update
$ gcloud beta redis instances update
.RE

