
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute os\-login \- create and manipulate Compute Engine OS Login resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute os\-login\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud oslogin command group lets you manage your OS Login
profile.

OS Login profiles can be used to store information such as Posix account
information and SSH keys used for cloud products such as Compute Engine.

For more information about OS Login, see the OS Login documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/oslogin).

See also: OS Login API (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/oslogin/rest/).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBssh\-keys\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List, add, update, and remove OS Login SSH Keys.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\-profile\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe the OS Login profile for the current user.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-profile\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove the posix account information for the current user.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login
.RE

