
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_READS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics reads list \- lists reads within a given read group set



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics reads list\fR \fIREAD_GROUP_SET_ID\fR [\fB\-\-end\fR=\fIEND\fR] [\fB\-\-reference\-name\fR=\fIREFERENCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=512] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Prints a table with summary information on reads in the read group
set. Results may be restricted to reads which are aligned to a given reference
(\-\-reference\-name) or may be further filtered to reads that have alignments
overlapping a given range (\-\-reference\-name, \-\-start, \-\-end).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREAD_GROUP_SET_ID\fR
Restrict the list to reads in this read group set.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-end\fR=\fIEND\fR
The end of the window (0\-based exclusive) for which overlapping reads should be
returned. If unspecified or 0, defaults to the length of the reference.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reference\-name\fR=\fIREFERENCE_NAME\fR
Only return reads which are aligned to this reference. Pass * to list unmapped
reads only.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR
The beginning of the window (0\-based inclusive) for which overlapping reads
should be returned. If unspecified, defaults to 0.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=512
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB512\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

