
.TH "GCLOUD_LOGGING_METRICS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud logging metrics create \- creates a logs\-based metric



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud logging metrics create\fR \fIMETRIC_NAME\fR \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a logs\-based metric to count the number of log entries that match a
filter expression. When creating a metric, the filter expression must not be
empty.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMETRIC_NAME\fR
The name of the new metric.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The metric's description.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
The metric's filter expression. The filter must be for a V2 LogEntry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a metric that counts the number of log entries with a severity level
higher than WARNING, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging metrics create high_severity_count \e
    \-\-description="Number of high severity log entries" \e
    \-\-log\-filter="severity > WARNING"
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging metrics create
.RE

