
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules describe \- display detailed information about a forwarding rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules describe\fR displays all
data associated with a forwarding rule in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the forwarding rule to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the forwarding rule to describe. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a global forwarding rule, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules describe FORWARDING\-RULE \e
    \-\-global
.RE

To get details about a regional forwarding rule, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules describe FORWARDING\-RULE \e
    \-\-region us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute forwarding\-rules describe
$ gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules describe
.RE

