
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks subnets \- list, describe, and delete, and update Compute Engine subnetworks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks subnets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate VPC subnetworks.

For more information about VPC, see the VPC documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc).

See also: Subnetworks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/subnetworks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Define a subnet for a network in custom subnet mode.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine subnetworks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBexpand\-ip\-range\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Expand the IP range of a Google Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine subnetworks.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-usable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine subnetworks permitted for use.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates properties of an existing Google Compute Engine
subnetwork.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks subnets
$ gcloud beta compute networks subnets
.RE

