
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app instances \- view and manage your App Engine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This set of commands can be used to view and manage your existing
App Engine instances.

For more information on App Engine instances, see:
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/python/an\-overview\-of\-app\-engine



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a specified instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display all data about an existing instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-debug\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Disable debug mode for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\-debug\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Enable debug mode for an instance (only works on the flexible
environment).

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List the instances affiliated with the current App Engine project.

.TP 2m
\fBscp\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR SCP from or to the VM of an App Engine Flexible instance.

.TP 2m
\fBssh\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR SSH into the VM of an App Engine Flexible instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your App Engine instances, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app instances list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app instances
.RE

