
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates \- read and manage Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy node templates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Node templates are used to create the nodes in node groups. Nodes
are Compute Engine servers that are dedicated to your workload. Node templates
define either the node type or the requirements for a node in terms of vCPU,
memory, and localSSD.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine node template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a Google Compute Engine node template.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Google Compute Engine node template.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Google Compute Engine node template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM Policy for a Google Compute Engine node template.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine node templates.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine node
template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine node template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates
.RE

