
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_OAUTH\-CLIENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap oauth\-clients delete \- delete a Cloud IAP OAuth client



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap oauth\-clients delete\fR (\fINAME\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-brand\fR=\fIBRAND\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha iap oauth\-clients delete\fR is used to delete a
Cloud IAP OAuth client.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Name resource \- Name of the Cloud IAP OAuth client to delete. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [name] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
ID of the name or fully qualified identifier for the name. This positional must
be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-brand\fR=\fIBRAND\fR
The name of the OAuth brand.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiap/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

