
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products \- uses Google Cloud Vision to manipulate products



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Uses Google Cloud Vision to manipulate products.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR create a product.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR delete a product.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-all\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes all Products in a ProductSet or all Products that are in
no ProductSet.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR describe a product.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR list all products in a location.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR update a product.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search products
.RE

