
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a model.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on a model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' to the service
account 'test\-proj1@example.domain.com', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for all
authenticated users on a model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

