
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_DATASOURCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp datasources \- cloud DLP Commands for analyzing Google Cloud data repositories



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp datasources\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud DLP Commands for inspecting and analyzing sensitive data in
Google Cloud data repositories.

See [Inspecting Storage and Databases for Sensitive Data]
(https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/inspecting\-storage) for more details.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbigquery\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud DLP Commands for analyzing data in BigQuery tables.

.TP 2m
\fBdatastore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud DLP Commands for analyzing data in Cloud Datastore
repositories.

.TP 2m
\fBgcs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud DLP Commands for analyzing data in Google Cloud Storage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

