
.TH "GCLOUD_IAM_ROLES_COPY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iam roles copy \- create a role from an existing role



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iam roles copy\fR [\fB\-\-dest\-organization\fR=\fIDEST_ORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-dest\-project\fR=\fIDEST_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-organization\fR=\fISOURCE_ORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-project\fR=\fISOURCE_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command creates a role from an existing role.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dest\-organization\fR=\fIDEST_ORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the destination role.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dest\-project\fR=\fIDEST_PROJECT\fR
The project of the destination role.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
The destination role id for the new custom role. For example: viewer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
The source role name or id.For curated roles, for example: roles/viewer.For
custom roles, for example: viewer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-organization\fR=\fISOURCE_ORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the source role if it is an custom role.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-project\fR=\fISOURCE_PROJECT\fR
The project of the source role if it is an custom role.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a copy of an existing role \f5\fIspanner.databaseAdmin\fR\fR into an
organization with \f5\fI1234567\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles copy \-\-source="roles/spanner.databaseAdmin" \e
    \-\-destination=CustomViewer \-\-dest\-organization=1234567
.RE

To create a copy of an existing role \f5\fIspanner.databaseAdmin\fR\fR into a
project with \f5\fIPROJECT_ID\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles copy \-\-source="roles/spanner.databaseAdmin" \e
    \-\-destination=CustomSpannerDbAdmin \-\-dest\-project=PROJECT_ID
.RE

To modify the newly created role see the roles update command.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles copy
$ gcloud beta iam roles copy
.RE

