
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_CLOUD\-BINDINGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager cloud\-bindings create \- create a new cloud access binding



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager cloud\-bindings create\fR \fB\-\-group\-key\fR=\fIGROUP_KEY\fR (\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new cloud access binding.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-key\fR=\fIGROUP_KEY\fR
Google Group id whose members are subject to the restrictions of this binding.

.TP 2m

Level resource \- The access level to create. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR
ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization for the cloud access binding.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

