
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUNTIME\-CONFIG_CONFIGS_WAITERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta runtime\-config configs waiters create \- create waiter resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta runtime\-config configs waiters create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-config\-name\fR=\fICONFIG_NAME\fR \fB\-\-success\-cardinality\-path\fR=\fISUCCESS_CARDINALITY_PATH\fR \fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-failure\-cardinality\-number\fR=\fIFAILURE_CARDINALITY_NUMBER\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-failure\-cardinality\-path\fR=\fIFAILURE_CARDINALITY_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-success\-cardinality\-number\fR=\fISUCCESS_CARDINALITY_NUMBER\fR;\ default=1] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command creates a new waiter resource with the specified name
and parameters.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The waiter name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-name\fR=\fICONFIG_NAME\fR
The name of the configuration resource to use.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-success\-cardinality\-path\fR=\fISUCCESS_CARDINALITY_PATH\fR
The path where success variables are written.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
The amount of time to wait before failing with DEADLINE_EXCEEDED. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-failure\-cardinality\-number\fR=\fIFAILURE_CARDINALITY_NUMBER\fR; default=1
The minimum required number of failure variables.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-failure\-cardinality\-path\fR=\fIFAILURE_CARDINALITY_PATH\fR
The path where failure variables are written.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-success\-cardinality\-number\fR=\fISUCCESS_CARDINALITY_NUMBER\fR; default=1
The minimum required number of success variables.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a waiter in "my\-config" with success and failure paths nested under
"/status", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta runtime\-config configs waiters create my\-waiter \e
    \-\-config\-name my\-config \-\-timeout 15m \e
    \-\-success\-cardinality\-path /status/success \e
    \-\-success\-cardinality\-number 5 \e
    \-\-failure\-cardinality\-path /status/failure \e
    \-\-failure\-cardinality\-number 1
.RE

This waiter will wait for at most 15 minutes for the first of two possible
scenarios: 1) five or more variables are written to the /status/success/ path;
or 2) one or more variables are written to the /status/failure/ path.

To create a waiter without a failure path, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta runtime\-config configs waiters create my\-waiter \e
    \-\-config\-name my\-config \-\-timeout 15m \e
    \-\-success\-cardinality\-path /status/success \e
    \-\-success\-cardinality\-number 5
.RE

This waiter will wait until 5 or more success variables are written, or the 15
minute timeout elapses.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

