
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SOURCE_REPOS_CLONE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta source repos clone \- clone a cloud source repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta source repos clone\fR \fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR [\fIDIRECTORY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-use\-full\-gcloud\-path\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command clones a git repository from the currently active
Google Cloud project into the specified directory or into the current directory
if no target directory is specified.

Each Google Cloud project can have zero or more git repositories associated with
it. To see the available repositories, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta source repos list
.RE

The clone operation configures the local clone to use your gcloud credentials to
authenticate future git operations. This command emits a warning if the cloud
source repository is a mirror.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR
Name of the repository.

.TP 2m
[\fIDIRECTORY_NAME\fR]
Directory name for the cloned repo. Defaults to the repository name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, prints the command that would be run to standard out instead of
executing it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-full\-gcloud\-path\fR
If provided, use the full gcloud path for the git credential.helper. Using the
full path means that gcloud does not need to be in the path for future git
operations on the repository.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The example commands below show a sample workflow.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud init
$ gcloud beta source repos clone REPOSITORY_NAME DIRECTORY_NAME
$ cd DIRECTORY_NAME
... create/edit files and create one or more commits ...
$ git push origin master
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud source repos clone
$ gcloud alpha source repos clone
.RE

