
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_INSTANTIATE\-FROM\-FILE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file \- instantiate a workflow template from a file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file\fR \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Instantiate a workflow template from a file.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The YAML file containing the workflow template to run


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To instantiate a workflow template from a yaml file 'template.yaml' in region
\'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file \e
    \-\-file=template.yaml \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file
.RE

