
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer \- create and manage Cloud Composer Environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud Composer is a managed Apache Airflow service that helps you
create, schedule, monitor and manage workflows. Cloud Composer automation helps
you create Airflow environments quickly and use Airflow\-native tools, such as
the powerful Airflow web interface and command line tools, so you can focus on
your workflows and not your infrastructure.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBenvironments\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Cloud Composer environments.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Composer operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to create and manage environments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments \-\-help
.RE

To see how to manage long\-running operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer operations \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer
$ gcloud beta composer
.RE

