
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Removes a policy binding from an AI Platform Model. One binding
consists of a member, a role and an optional condition. See $ gcloud beta
ml\-engine models get\-iam\-policy for examples of how to specify a model
resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Model resource \- The AI Platform model for which to remove IAM policy binding
from. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [model] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
ID of the model or fully qualified identifier for the model.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' from all
authenticated users on model 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

