
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_PUBLISH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics publish \- publishes a message to the specified topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics publish\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR] [\fB\-\-attribute\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-message\fR=\fIMESSAGE\fR] [\fB\-\-ordering\-key\fR=\fIORDERING_KEY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Publishes a message to the specified topic name for testing and
troubleshooting. Use with caution: all associated subscribers must be able to
consume and acknowledge any message you publish, otherwise the system will
continuously re\-attempt delivery of the bad message for 7 days.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Name of the topic to publish messages to. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[topic] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
[\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR]
(DEPRECATED) The body of the message to publish to the given topic name.
Information on message formatting and size limits can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/publisher#publish

Positional argument \f5MESSAGE_BODY\fR is deprecated. Please use
\f5\-\-message\fR instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attribute\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of attributes. Each ATTRIBUTE has the form name="value".
You can specify up to 100 attributes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\fR=\fIMESSAGE\fR
The body of the message to publish to the given topic name. Information on
message formatting and size limits can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/publisher#publish

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ordering\-key\fR=\fIORDERING_KEY\fR
The key for ordering delivery to subscribers. All messages with the same
ordering key are sent to subscribers in the order that Pub/Sub receives them.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To publish messages in a batch to a specific Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics publish mytopic \e
    \-\-message="Hello World!" \-\-attribute=KEY1=VAL1,KEY2=VAL2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics publish
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics publish
.RE

