
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_AUTOSCALING\-POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete \- delete an autoscaling policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete\fR (\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Autoscaling policy resource \- The autoscaling policy to delete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [autoscaling_policy]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR
ID of the autoscaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the autoscaling
policy. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region for the autoscaling policy. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
\f5global\fR is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes the autoscaling policy
\f5example\-autoscaling\-policy\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete \e
    example\-autoscaling\-policy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete
.RE

