
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations list \- list Binary Authorization attestations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations list\fR (\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command lists Binary Authorization attestations for your
project. Command line flags specify which artifact to list the attestations for.
If no artifact is specified, then this lists all URLs with associated
occurrences.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The Attestor whose Container Analysis Note will be queried
for attestations. Note that the caller must have the
\f5containeranalysis.notes.listOccurrences\fR permission on the note being
queried. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR
The ID of the attestor or a fully qualified identifier for the attestor. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR
Container URL. May be in the \f5\fB.gcr.io/repository/image\fR format, or may
optionally contain the \f5http\fR or \f5https\fR scheme


\fR
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List the Occurrence messages for all attestations bound to the passed attestor:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations list \e
    \-\-attestor=projects/foo/attestor/bar
.RE

List the Occurrence messages for all attestations for the passed artifact\-url
bound to the passed attestor:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations list \e
    \-\-attestor=projects/foo/attestors/bar \e
    \-\-artifact\-url='gcr.io/foo/example\-image@sha256:abcd'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestations list
.RE

