
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute interconnects create \- create a Google Compute Engine interconnect



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-customer\-name\fR=\fICUSTOMER_NAME\fR \fB\-\-interconnect\-type\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT_TYPE\fR \fB\-\-link\-type\fR=\fILINK_TYPE\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR \fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR [\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute interconnects create\fR is used to create
interconnects. An interconnect represents a single specific connection between
Google and the customer.

For an example, refer to the \fBEXAMPLES\fR section below.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-customer\-name\fR=\fICUSTOMER_NAME\fR
Customer name to put in the Letter of Authorization as the party authorized to
request an interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interconnect\-type\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT_TYPE\fR
Type of the interconnect. \fIINTERCONNECT_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBDEDICATED\fR
Dedicated private interconnect.
.TP 2m
\fBIT_PRIVATE\fR
Dedicated private interconnect. (Warning: IT_PRIVATE is deprecated, use
DEDICATED instead.)
.TP 2m
\fBPARTNER\fR
Partner interconnect. Only available to approved partners.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-link\-type\fR=\fILINK_TYPE\fR
Type of the link for the interconnect. \fILINK_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBLINK_TYPE_ETHERNET_100G_LR\fR
100Gbps Ethernet, LR Optics.
.TP 2m
\fBLINK_TYPE_ETHERNET_10G_LR\fR
10Gbps Ethernet, LR Optics.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location for the interconnect. The locations can be listed by using the
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects locations list\fR command to find the
appropriate location to use when creating an interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR
Target number of physical links in the link bundle.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect. If not provided on creation, defaults
to enabled. When this is enabled, the interconnect is operational and will carry
traffic across any functioning linked interconnect attachments. Use
\-\-no\-admin\-enabled to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR
Email address to contact the customer NOC for operations and maintenance
notifications regarding this interconnect.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an interconnect of type DEDICATED, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects create example\-interconnect \e
    \-\-customer\-name="Example Customer Name" \e
    \-\-interconnect\-type=DEDICATED \e
    \-\-link\-type=LINK_TYPE_ETHERNET_10G_LR \e
    \-\-location=example\-zone1\-1 \-\-requested\-link\-count=1 \e
    \-\-noc\-contact\-email=noc@example.com \e
    \-\-description="Example interconnect"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects create
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects create
.RE

