
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee \- manage Apigee resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBapis\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee API proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBapplications\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage third\-party applications which call Apigee API proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBdeployments\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage deployments of Apigee API proxies in runtime environments.

.TP 2m
\fBdevelopers\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee developers.

.TP 2m
\fBenvironments\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee environments.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee long running operations.

.TP 2m
\fBorganizations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee organizations.

.TP 2m
\fBproducts\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee API products.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list API proxies in the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis list
.RE

To deploy an API proxy named \f5\fIhello\-world\fR\fR to the \f5\fItest\fR\fR
environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy \-\-environment=test \e
    \-\-api=hello\-world
.RE

To get the status of that deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe \-\-environment=test \e
    \-\-api=hello\-world
.RE

To undeploy that API proxy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis undeploy \-\-environment=test \e
    \-\-api=hello\-world
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

