
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_CREATE_HTTP2" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute health\-checks create http2 \- create a HTTP2 health check to monitor load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute health\-checks create http2\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default=2] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR;\ default="/"] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default=2] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default=80\ \fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-use\-serving\-port\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute health\-checks create http2\fR is used to
create a HTTP2 health check. HTTP2 health checks monitor instances in a load
balancer controlled by a target pool. All arguments to the command are optional
except for the name of the health check. For more information on load balancing,
see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the HTTP2 health check to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR; default="5s"
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. The default value is
\f5\fI5s\fR\fR. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional string description for the HTTP2 health check.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default=2
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy. The default is 2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
The value of the host header used in this HTTP health check request. By default,
this is empty and Google Compute Engine automatically sets the host header in
health requests to the same external IP address as the forwarding rule
associated with the target pool.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR; default="/"
The request path that this health check monitors. For example,
\f5\fI/healthcheck\fR\fR. The default value is ``/''.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
When empty, status code of the response determines health. When not empty,
presence of specified string in first 1024 characters of response body
determines health. Only ASCII characters allowed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="5s"
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. The
default value is \f5\fI5s\fR\fR. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default=2
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy. The default is 2.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the HTTP2 health check is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the HTTP2 health check to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags configure the port that the health check monitors. If none is
specified, the default port of 80 is used; if both \f5\-\-port\fR and
\f5\-\-port\-name\fR are specified, \f5\-\-port\fR takes precedence.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default=80
The TCP port number that this health check monitors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-serving\-port\fR
If given, use the "serving port" for health checks:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
When health checking network endpoints in a Network Endpoint Group, use the port
specified with each endpoint.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
When health checking other backends, use the port or named port of the backend
service.
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute health\-checks create http2
.RE

