
.TH "GCLOUD_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_POLICY\-TAGS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Data Catalog policy tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Data Catalog policy tag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy tag resource \- Policy tag from which to remove the IAM policy binding.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[policy_tag] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR
ID of the policy tag or fully qualified identifier for the policy tag. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the policy tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR
Taxonomy of the policy tag.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on policy tag 'POLICY_TAG' in location 'LOCATION' and
taxonomy 'TAXONOMY', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding POLICY_TAG \-\-location='LOCATION' \e
    \-\-taxonomy='TAXONOMY' \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' from all
authenticated users on policy tag 'POLICY_TAG' in location 'LOCATION' and
taxonomy 'TAXONOMY', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding POLICY_TAG \-\-location='LOCATION' \e
    \-\-taxonomy='TAXONOMY' \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

