
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine managed instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstance\-configs\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage instance\-specific settings of managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBrolling\-action\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manipulate rolling actions on Google Compute Engine managed
instance groups.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBabandon\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-instance\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new virtual machine instance in a managed instance group
with a defined name and optionally its stateful configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete instances managed by managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display detailed information about an instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Export autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-errors\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List errors produced by managed instances in a managed instance
group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List instances present in the managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBrecreate\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBresize\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set managed instance group size.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-autohealing\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Set autohealing policy for managed instance
group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-instance\-template\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set instance template for managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-target\-pools\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set target pools of managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Immediately update selected instances in a Google Compute Engine
managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\-until\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Wait until the managed instance group reaches the desired state.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\-until\-stable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Waits until state of managed instance group is
stable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed
.RE

