
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container clusters \- deploy and teardown Google Kubernetes Engine clusters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container clusters\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud container clusters command group lets you deploy and
teardown Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

See $ gcloud docker \-\-help for information about deploying docker images to
clusters.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a cluster for running containers.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an existing cluster for running containers.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an existing cluster for running containers.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-credentials\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Fetch credentials for a running cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List existing clusters for running containers.

.TP 2m
\fBresize\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Resizes an existing cluster for running containers.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update cluster settings for an existing container cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBupgrade\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Upgrade the Kubernetes version of an existing container cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters
$ gcloud alpha container clusters
.RE

