
.TH "GCLOUD_SERVICES_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud services operations list \- list operations for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud services operations list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR List operations for a project.

This command is deprecated.

This command will list operations for a service, optionally matching a
particular filter.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates as True then that item is listed.

The available filter fields are startTime and done. Unrecognized fields will
cause an error.

startTime is an ISO 8601 datetime and supports >=, >, <=, and < operators. The
datetime value must be wrapped in quotation marks. For example:

.RS 2m
\-\-filter 'startTime < "2017\-03\-20T16:02:32"'
.RE

done is a boolean value and supports = and != operators.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The name of the service for which to list operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all operations for a service named \f5api.endpoints.proj.cloud.goog\fR,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services operations list \e
    \-\-service api.endpoints.proj.cloud.goog
.RE

To list only operations which are complete, add the \f5\-\-filter\fR argument
with a status filter:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services operations list \e
    \-\-service api.endpoints.proj.cloud.goog \-\-filter 'done = true'
.RE

To list only operations begun after a certain point in time, add the
\f5\-\-filter\fR argument with an ISO 8601 datetime startTime filter:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services operations list \e
    \-\-service api.endpoints.proj.cloud.goog \e
    \-\-filter 'startTime >= "2017\-02\-01"'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services operations list
$ gcloud beta services operations list
.RE

