
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_RESUME" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances resume \- resume a virtual machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances resume\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances resume\fR is used to resume a
previously suspended Google Compute Engine virtual machine.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR ...]
Names of the instances to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks.

If you pass \f5\-\fR as value of the flag the CSEK will be read from stdin. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instances to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To resume an instance named \f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances resume test\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances resume
.RE

