
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SCHEDULER_JOBS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta scheduler jobs delete \- delete a job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta scheduler jobs delete\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The job you want to delete. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line with a fully specified
name; as the location of the current project's App Engine App. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudscheduler/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a job:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scheduler jobs delete my\-job
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scheduler jobs delete
$ gcloud alpha scheduler jobs delete
.RE

