
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_APPLICATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee applications describe \- describe an Apigee application



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee applications describe\fR (\fIAPPLICATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Apigee application.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee applications describe\fR retrieves the application's
details, including its developer, credentials, API products, and other
information.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Application resource \- Application to be described. To get a list of available
applications, run \f5gcloud alpha apigee applications list\fR. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPPLICATION\fR
ID of the application or fully qualified identifier for the application. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization containing the application. If unspecified, the Cloud
Platform project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an application for the active Cloud Platform project whose UUID is
\f5\fI46d6151e\-0000\-4dfa\-b9c7\-c03b8b58bb2f\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee applications describe \e
  46d6151e\-0000\-4dfa\-b9c7\-c03b8b58bb2f
.RE

To describe that application in the Apigee organization \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR,
formatted as a JSON object, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee applications describe \e
  46d6151e\-0000\-4dfa\-b9c7\-c03b8b58bb2f \-\-organization=my\-org \e
  \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee applications describe
$ gcloud beta apigee applications describe
.RE

