
.TH "GCLOUD_ASSET_FEEDS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud asset feeds update \- update an existing Cloud Asset Inventory Feed



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud asset feeds update\fR \fIFEED_ID\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET\-NAMES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-asset\-names\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET\-NAMES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET\-TYPES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-asset\-types\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET\-TYPES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-condition\-description\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-description\fR=\fICONDITION_DESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-condition\-expression\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-expression\fR=\fICONDITION_EXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-condition\-title\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-title\fR=\fICONDITION_TITLE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-content\-type\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update an existing Cloud Asset Inventory Feed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFEED_ID\fR
Identifier of the asset feed to update, which must be unique in its parent
resource. Parent resource can be a project, folder, or an organization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder of the feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization of the feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
project of the feed.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
Name of the Cloud Pub/Sub topic to publish to, of the form
\f5projects/PROJECT_ID/topics/TOPIC_ID\fR. You can list existing topics with
\f5gcloud pubsub topics list \-\-format="text(name)"\fR

.TP 2m

These flags modify the member assetNames of this Feed. See
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#full_resource_name for more
information. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET\-NAMES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current assetNames.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-asset\-names\fR
Empty the current assetNames.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET\-NAMES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current assetNames.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member assetTypes of this Feed. See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview
for all supported asset types. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET\-TYPES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current assetTypes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-asset\-types\fR
Empty the current assetTypes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET\-TYPES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current assetTypes.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-condition\-description\fR
Clear any existing condition description setting on the feed. Condition
description will be empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-description\fR=\fICONDITION_DESCRIPTION\fR
Condition description to overwrite the existing one.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-condition\-expression\fR
Clear any existing condition expression setting on the feed. No condition will
be applied to feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-expression\fR=\fICONDITION_EXPRESSION\fR
Condition expression to overwrite the existing one. For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/asset\-inventory/docs/monitoring\-asset\-changes#feed_with_condition

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-condition\-title\fR
Clear any existing condition title setting on the feed. Condition title will be
empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-title\fR=\fICONDITION_TITLE\fR
Condition title to overwrite the existing one.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-content\-type\fR
Clear any existing content type setting on the feed. Content type will be
unspecified, no content but the asset name and type will be returned in the
feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR
Asset content type to overwrite the existing one. For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview#asset_content_type.
\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBresource\fR, \fBiam\-policy\fR,
\fBorg\-policy\fR, \fBaccess\-policy\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an asset\-type to an existing feed, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset feeds update feed1 \-\-project=p1
\-\-add\-asset\-types=pubsub.googleapis.com/Topic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset feeds update
$ gcloud beta asset feeds update
.RE

