
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_SNAPSHOTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore snapshots \- create and manage Cloud Filestore snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore snapshots\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Filestore snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Filestore snapshot.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a snapshot with the name 'my\-snapshot', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots create my\-snapshot
.RE

To delete a snapshot with the name 'my\-snapshot', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots delete my\-snapshot
.RE

To display the details for an snapshot with the name 'my\-snapshot', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots describe my\-snapshot
.RE

To list all the snapshots, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots list
.RE

To set the label 'env' to 'prod' for an snapshot with the name 'my\-snapshot',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots my\-snapshot \e
    \-\-update\-labels=env=prod
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

