
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_LOGS_TAIL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app logs tail \- streams logs for App Engine apps



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app logs tail\fR [\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR;\ default="any"] [\fB\-\-logs\fR=\fIAPP_LOG\fR,[\fIAPP_LOG\fR,...];\ default="stderr,stdout,crash.log,nginx.request,request_log"] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Streams logs for App Engine apps.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR; default="any"
Filter entries with severity equal to or higher than a given level. \fILEVEL\fR
must be one of: \fBcritical\fR, \fBerror\fR, \fBwarning\fR, \fBinfo\fR,
\fBdebug\fR, \fBany\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-logs\fR=\fIAPP_LOG\fR,[\fIAPP_LOG\fR,...]; default="stderr,stdout,crash.log,nginx.request,request_log"
Filter entries from a particular set of logs. Must be a comma\-separated list of
log names (request_log, stdout, stderr, etc).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR, \fB\-s\fR \fISERVICE\fR
Limit to specific service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
Limit to specific version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To stream logs from a serving app, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app logs tail
.RE

To show only logs with a specific service, version, and level, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app logs tail \-\-service=s1 \-\-version=v1 \-\-level=warning
.RE

To show only the logs from the request log for Standard apps, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app logs tail \-\-logs=request_log
.RE

To show only the logs from the request log for Flex apps, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app logs tail \-\-logs=nginx.request
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app logs tail
.RE

