
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_BACKUPS_UPDATE\-METADATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner backups update\-metadata \- updates the metadata of a Cloud Spanner a backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner backups update\-metadata\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) (\fB\-\-expiration\-date\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_DATE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-retention\-period\fR=\fIRETENTION_PERIOD\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates the metadata of a Cloud Spanner a backup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- The Cloud Spanner backup to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Spanner instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\-date\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_DATE\fR
Expiration time of the backup, must be at least 6 hours and at most 366 days
from the time of creation. See \f5$ gcloud topic datetimes\fR for information on
date/time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retention\-period\fR=\fIRETENTION_PERIOD\fR
Retention period of the backup relative from now, must be at least 6 hours and
at most a year from the time of creation. See \f5$ gcloud topic datetimes\fR for
information on duration formats.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the backup metadata with an exact expiration date, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner backups update\-metadata BACKUP_ID \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME \-\-expiration\-date=2020\-03\-29T10:49:41Z
.RE

To update the backup metadata with a retention period, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner backups update\-metadata BACKUP_ID \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME \-\-retention\-period=2w
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner backups update\-metadata
$ gcloud beta spanner backups update\-metadata
.RE

