
.TH "GCLOUD_SOURCE_PROJECT\-CONFIGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud source project\-configs update \- update the Cloud Source Repositories configuration of the current project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud source project\-configs update\fR (\fB\-\-disable\-pushblock\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-enable\-pushblock\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-message\-format\fR=\fIMESSAGE_FORMAT\fR\ \fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR\ \fB\-\-add\-topic\fR=\fIADD_TOPIC\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-topic\fR=\fIREMOVE_TOPIC\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-topic\fR=\fIUPDATE_TOPIC\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-pushblock\fR
Disable PushBlock for all repositories under current project. PushBlock allows
repository owners to block git push transactions containing private key data.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-pushblock\fR
Enable PushBlock for all repositories under current project. PushBlock allows
repository owners to block git push transactions containing private key data.

.TP 2m

Manage Cloud Pub/Sub topics associated with the Cloud project.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-format\fR=\fIMESSAGE_FORMAT\fR
The format of the message to publish to the topic. \fIMESSAGE_FORMAT\fR must be
one of: \fBjson\fR, \fBprotobuf\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
Email address of the service account used for publishing Cloud Pub/Sub messages.
This service account needs to be in the same project as the project. When added,
the caller needs to have iam.serviceAccounts.actAs permission on this service
account. If unspecified, it defaults to the Compute Engine default service
account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR
Cloud project for the topic. If not set, the currently set project will be used.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The Cloud Pub/Sub topic to add to the project. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [\-\-add\-topic] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-topic\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-topic\fR=\fIADD_TOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The Cloud Pub/Sub topic to remove from the project. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-remove\-topic] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-topic\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-topic\fR=\fIREMOVE_TOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The Cloud Pub/Sub topic to update in the project. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-update\-topic] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-topic\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-topic\fR=\fIUPDATE_TOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable PushBlock for all repositories under current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud source project\-configs update \-\-enable\-pushblock
.RE

To associate a Cloud Pub/Sub topic to receive repository update notifications,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud source project\-configs update \-\-add\-topic=TOPIC_NAME \e
    \-\-service\-account=SERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL \e
    \-\-message\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha source project\-configs update
$ gcloud beta source project\-configs update
.RE

