
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_AGENT_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow agent import \- import a Dialogflow agent from a zip file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow agent import\fR \fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-replace\-all\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a Dialogflow agent from a ZIP file and upload it to the
agent of the current project. By default, uploads new intents and entity types
without deleting the existing ones. Intents and entity types with the same name
are replaced with the new versions.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a file or the URI to a Google Cloud Storage file containing the agent to
import. Note: A URI must start with "gs://".


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replace\-all\fR
If true, replace the current agent version with a new one. All the intents and
entity types in the older version will be deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import local file \f5path/to/agent.zip\fR to the agent of the current
project:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent import \-\-source="path/to/agent.zip"
.RE

To import \f5agent.zip\fR in Google Storage Bucket \f5mybucket\fR to the agent
of the current project:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent import \e
    \-\-source="gs://mybucket/agent.zip"
.RE

To import local file \f5path/to/agent.zip\fR to the agent of the current project
and replace all existing resources in the agent:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent import \e
    \-\-source="path/to/agent.zip" \-\-replace\-all
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

