
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics \- manage Genomics resources using version 1 of the API



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Genomics resources using version 1 of the API.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcallsets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics callsets.

.TP 2m
\fBdatasets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics datasets.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics operations.

.TP 2m
\fBpipelines\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics pipelines.

.TP 2m
\fBreadgroupsets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics read group sets.

.TP 2m
\fBreads\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics reads.

.TP 2m
\fBreferences\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics references.

.TP 2m
\fBreferencesets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics reference sets.

.TP 2m
\fBvariants\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics variants.

.TP 2m
\fBvariantsets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Genomics variant sets.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

