
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_ROLES_UNDELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam roles undelete \- undelete a custom role from an organization or a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam roles undelete\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command undeletes a role. Roles that have been deleted for
certain long time can't be undeleted.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The role specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given role.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the custom role to undelete. For example: CustomRole. You must also
specify the \f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to undelete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To undelete a role of an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles undelete \-\-organization 1234567 viewer
.RE

To undelete a role of a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles undelete \-\-project myproject viewer
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles undelete
$ gcloud beta iam roles undelete
.RE

