
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_SET\-MANAGED\-CLUSTER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster \- set a managed cluster for the workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-autoscaling\-policy\fR=\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-no\-address\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-name\fR=\fICLUSTER_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-component\-gateway\fR] [\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="10m"] [\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR=\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-master\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]] [\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-masters\fR=\fINUM_MASTERS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-secondary\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_SECONDARY_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-optional\-components\fR=[\fICOMPONENT\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]] [\fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fISECONDARY_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fISECONDARY_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-temp\-bucket\fR=\fITEMP_BUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]] [\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-kerberos\-config\-file\fR=\fIKERBEROS_CONFIG_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-enable\-kerberos\fR\ \fB\-\-kerberos\-root\-principal\-password\-uri\fR=\fIKERBEROS_ROOT_PRINCIPAL_PASSWORD_URI\fR\ [\fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\-keyring\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\-location\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\-project\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY_PROJECT\fR]] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR\ \fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR\ \fB\-\-reservation\-affinity\fR=\fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR;\ default="any"] [\fB\-\-single\-node\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-num\-secondary\-workers\fR=\fINUM_SECONDARY_WORKERS\fR\ \fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR\ \fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR;\ default="preemptible"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Set a managed cluster for the workflow template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to set managed cluster.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[template] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-autoscaling\-policy\fR=\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR
ID of the autoscaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the autoscaling
policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-address\fR
If provided, the instances in the cluster will not be assigned external IP
addresses.

If omitted the instances in the cluster will each be assigned an ephemeral
external IP address.

Note: Dataproc VMs need access to the Dataproc API. This can be achieved without
external IP addresses using Private Google Access
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/private\-google\-access).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Google Cloud Storage bucket to use by default to stage job dependencies,
miscellaneous config files, and job driver console output when using this
cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-name\fR=\fICLUSTER_NAME\fR
The name of the managed dataproc cluster. If unspecified, the workflow template
ID will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-component\-gateway\fR
Enable access to the web UIs of selected components on the cluster through the
component gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="10m"
The maximum duration of each initialization action. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR=\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[...]
A list of Google Cloud Storage URIs of executables to run on each node in the
cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]
Attaches accelerators (e.g. GPUs) to the master instance(s).

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of accelerator
to attach to the instances. Use 'gcloud compute accelerator\-types list' to
learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of pieces of the accelerator to attach to each of the instances. The
default value is 1.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. The value must be \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR or
\f5\fIpd\-ssd\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for the master. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the VM will be scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture
or a newer one. To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones describe ZONE
.RE

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones; zones that allow CPU
platform selection will have an \f5availableCpuPlatforms\fR field that contains
the list of available CPU platforms for that zone.

You can find more information online:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/specify\-min\-cpu\-platform

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to the master in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-masters\fR=\fINUM_MASTERS\fR
The number of master nodes in the cluster.


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB
l l.
Number of Masters	Cluster Mode
1	Standard
3	High Availability
.TE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-secondary\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_SECONDARY_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to each preemptible worker in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to each worker in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-optional\-components\fR=[\fICOMPONENT\fR,...]
List of optional components to be installed on cluster machines.

The following page documents the optional components that can be installed:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/concepts/configuring\-clusters/optional\-components.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Specifies configuration properties for installed packages, such as Hadoop and
Spark.

Properties are mapped to configuration files by specifying a prefix, such as
"core:io.serializations". The following are supported prefixes and their
mappings:


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB lB
l l l.
Prefix	File	Purpose of file
capacity-scheduler	capacity-scheduler.xml	Hadoop YARN Capacity Scheduler configuration
core	core-site.xml	Hadoop general configuration
distcp	distcp-default.xml	Hadoop Distributed Copy configuration
hadoop-env	hadoop-env.sh	Hadoop specific environment variables
hdfs	hdfs-site.xml	Hadoop HDFS configuration
hive	hive-site.xml	Hive configuration
mapred	mapred-site.xml	Hadoop MapReduce configuration
mapred-env	mapred-env.sh	Hadoop MapReduce specific environment variables
pig	pig.properties	Pig configuration
spark	spark-defaults.conf	Spark configuration
spark-env	spark-env.sh	Spark specific environment variables
yarn	yarn-site.xml	Hadoop YARN configuration
yarn-env	yarn-env.sh	Hadoop YARN specific environment variables
.TE

See
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/concepts/configuring\-clusters/cluster\-properties
for more information.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]
Attaches accelerators (e.g. GPUs) to the secondary\-worker instance(s).

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of accelerator
to attach to the instances. Use 'gcloud compute accelerator\-types list' to
learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of pieces of the accelerator to attach to each of the instances. The
default value is 1.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fISECONDARY_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fISECONDARY_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. The value must be \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR or
\f5\fIpd\-ssd\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-temp\-bucket\fR=\fITEMP_BUCKET\fR
The Google Cloud Storage bucket to use by default to to store ephemeral cluster
and jobs data, such as Spark and MapReduce history files.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]
Attaches accelerators (e.g. GPUs) to the worker instance(s).

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of accelerator
to attach to the instances. Use 'gcloud compute accelerator\-types list' to
learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of pieces of the accelerator to attach to each of the instances. The
default value is 1.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. The value must be \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR or
\f5\fIpd\-ssd\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for workers. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the VM will be scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture
or a newer one. To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones describe ZONE
.RE

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones; zones that allow CPU
platform selection will have an \f5availableCpuPlatforms\fR field that contains
the list of available CPU platforms for that zone.

You can find more information online:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/specify\-min\-cpu\-platform

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. If empty and \-\-region
is set to a value other than \f5global\fR, the server will pick a zone in the
region. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
The custom image used to create the cluster. It can be the image name, the image
URI, or the image family URI, which selects the latest image from the family.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The image version to use for the cluster. Defaults to the latest version.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifying these flags will enable Kerberos for the cluster. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kerberos\-config\-file\fR=\fIKERBEROS_CONFIG_FILE\fR
Path to a YAML (or JSON) file containing the configuration for Kerberos on the
cluster. If you pass \f5\-\fR as the value of the flag the file content will be
read from stdin.

The YAML file is formatted as follows:

.RS 2m
  # Optional. Flag to indicate whether to Kerberize the cluster.
  # The default value is true.
  enable_kerberos: true
.RE

.RS 2m
  # Required. The Google Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file
  # containing the root principal password.
  root_principal_password_uri: gs://bucket/password.encrypted
.RE

.RS 2m
  # Required. The URI of the KMS key used to encrypt various
  # sensitive files.
  kms_key_uri:
    projects/myproject/locations/global/keyRings/mykeyring/cryptoKeys/my\-key
.RE

.RS 2m
  # Configuration of SSL encryption. If specified, all sub\-fields
  # are required. Otherwise, Dataproc will provide a self\-signed
  # certificate and generate the passwords.
  ssl:
    # Optional. The Google Cloud Storage URI of the keystore file.
    keystore_uri: gs://bucket/keystore.jks
.RE

.RS 2m
    # Optional. The Google Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted
    # file containing the password to the keystore.
    keystore_password_uri: gs://bucket/keystore_password.encrypted
.RE

.RS 2m
    # Optional. The Google Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted
    # file containing the password to the user provided key.
    key_password_uri: gs://bucket/key_password.encrypted
.RE

.RS 2m
    # Optional. The Google Cloud Storage URI of the truststore
    # file.
    truststore_uri: gs://bucket/truststore.jks
.RE

.RS 2m
    # Optional. The Google Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted
    # file containing the password to the user provided
    # truststore.
    truststore_password_uri:
      gs://bucket/truststore_password.encrypted
.RE

.RS 2m
  # Configuration of cross realm trust.
  cross_realm_trust:
    # Optional. The remote realm the Dataproc on\-cluster KDC will
    # trust, should the user enable cross realm trust.
    realm: REMOTE.REALM
.RE

.RS 2m
    # Optional. The KDC (IP or hostname) for the remote trusted
    # realm in a cross realm trust relationship.
    kdc: kdc.remote.realm
.RE

.RS 2m
    # Optional. The admin server (IP or hostname) for the remote
    # trusted realm in a cross realm trust relationship.
    admin_server: admin\-server.remote.realm
.RE

.RS 2m
    # Optional. The Google Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted
    # file containing the shared password between the on\-cluster
    # Kerberos realm and the remote trusted realm, in a cross
    # realm trust relationship.
    shared_password_uri:
      gs://bucket/cross\-realm.password.encrypted
.RE

.RS 2m
  # Optional. The Google Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file
  # containing the master key of the KDC database.
  kdc_db_key_uri: gs://bucket/kdc_db_key.encrypted
.RE

.RS 2m
  # Optional. The lifetime of the ticket granting ticket, in
  # hours. If not specified, or user specifies 0, then default
  # value 10 will be used.
  tgt_lifetime_hours: 1
.RE

.RS 2m
  # Optional. The name of the Kerberos realm. If not specified,
  # the uppercased domain name of the cluster will be used.
  realm: REALM.NAME
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-kerberos\fR
Enable Kerberos on the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kerberos\-root\-principal\-password\-uri\fR=\fIKERBEROS_ROOT_PRINCIPAL_PASSWORD_URI\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the root principal
password. Must be a Cloud Storage URL beginning with 'gs://'.

.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the password. The 'Compute Engine Service Agent' service account
must hold permission 'Cloud KMS CryptoKey Encrypter/Decrypter'. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\-keyring\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\-location\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kerberos\-kms\-key\-project\fR=\fIKERBEROS_KMS_KEY_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Compute Engine options for Dataproc clusters.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
Specifies scopes for the node instances. Multiple SCOPEs can be specified,
separated by commas. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster \e
    example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster \e
    example\-cluster \-\-scopes sqlservice,bigquery
.RE

The following \fBminimum scopes\fR are necessary for the cluster to function
properly and are always added, even if not explicitly specified:

.RS 2m
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
.RE

If the \f5\-\-scopes\fR flag is not specified, the following \fBdefault
scopes\fR are also included:

.RS 2m
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin.table
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.data
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
.RE

If you want to enable all scopes use the 'cloud\-platform' scope.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. \fBdefault\fR scopes
are assigned to all instances. Available aliases are:


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB
l l.
Alias	URI
bigquery	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud-platform	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform
cloud-source-repos	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud-source-repos-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
gke-default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring-read	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.read
monitoring-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
pubsub	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
service-control	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service-management	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql (deprecated)	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql-admin	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage-full	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
trace	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
userinfo-email	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

DEPRECATION WARNING: https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice account scope
and \f5sql\fR alias do not provide SQL instance management capabilities and have
been deprecated. Please, use https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin or
\f5sql\-admin\fR to manage your Google SQL Service instances.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The Google Cloud IAM service account to be authenticated as.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the instance. These tags allow network
firewall rules and routes to be applied to specified VM instances. See \fBgcloud
compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.

To read more about configuring network tags, read this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/add\-remove\-network\-tags

To list instances with their respective status and tags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table(name,status,tags.list())'
.RE

To list instances tagged with a specific tag, \f5tag1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags:tag1'
.RE

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The Compute Engine network that the VM instances of the cluster will be part of.
This is mutually exclusive with \-\-subnet. If neither is specified, this
defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Specifies the subnet that the cluster will be part of. This is mutally exclusive
with \-\-network.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifies the reservation for the instance.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR
The name of the reservation, required when
\f5\-\-reservation\-affinity=specific\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\-affinity\fR=\fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR; default="any"
The type of reservation for the instance. \fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR must be one
of: \fBany\fR, \fBnone\fR, \fBspecific\fR.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-single\-node\fR
Create a single node cluster.

A single node cluster has all master and worker components. It cannot have any
separate worker nodes. If this flag is not specified, a cluster with separate
workers is created.

.TP 2m

Multi\-node cluster flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-secondary\-workers\fR=\fINUM_SECONDARY_WORKERS\fR
The number of secondary worker nodes in the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR
The number of worker nodes in the cluster. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secondary\-worker\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR; default="preemptible"
The type of the secondary worker group. \fITYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBpreemptible\fR, \fBnon\-preemptible\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update managed cluster in a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster \e
    my_template \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-no\-address \-\-num\-workers=10 \e
    \-\-worker\-machine\-type=custom\-6\-23040
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster
.RE

