
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine \- manage Cloud ML Engine jobs and models



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha ml\-engine command group lets you manage Google
Cloud ML Engine jobs and training models.

Cloud ML Engine is a managed service that enables you to easily build machine
learning models, that work on any type of data, of any size. Create your model
with the powerful TensorFlow framework that powers many Google products, from
Google Photos to Google Cloud Speech.

More information on Cloud ML Engine can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/ml and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud ML Engine Jobs commands.

.TP 2m
\fBlocal\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud ML Engine Local commands.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Query Cloud ML Engine location capabilities.

.TP 2m
\fBmodels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud ML Engine Models commands.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud ML Engine operations.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud ML Engine Versions commands.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpredict\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run Cloud ML Engine online prediction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine
.RE

