
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DNS_POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dns policies delete \- deletes a Cloud DNS policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dns policies delete\fR \fIPOLICY\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Cloud DNS policy.

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns policies delete mypolicy
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The name of the policy you want to delete. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY\fR
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdns/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://developers.google.com/cloud\-dns



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns policies delete
$ gcloud beta dns policies delete
.RE

