
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_DEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app deploy \- deploy the local code and/or configuration of your app to App Engine



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app deploy\fR [\fIDEPLOYABLES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-url\fR=\fIIMAGE_URL\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-promote\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-stop\-previous\-version\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command is used to deploy both code and configuration to the
App Engine server. As an input it takes one or more \f5\fIDEPLOYABLES\fR\fR that
should be uploaded. A \f5\fIDEPLOYABLE\fR\fR can be a service's .yaml file or a
configuration's .yaml file (for more information about configuration files
specific to your App Engine environment, refer to
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/configuration\-files or
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/python/configuration\-files).
Note, for Java Standard apps, you must add the path to the
\f5appengine\-web.xml\fR file inside the WEB\-INF directory. gcloud beta app
deploy skips files specified in the .gcloudignore file (see \f5gcloud topic
gcloudignore\fR for more information).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIDEPLOYABLES\fR ...]
The yaml files for the services or configurations you want to deploy. If not
given, defaults to \f5app.yaml\fR in the current directory. If that is not
found, attempts to automatically generate necessary configuration files (such as
app.yaml) in the current directory.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Google Cloud Storage bucket used to stage files associated with the
deployment. If this argument is not specified, the application's default code
bucket is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-url\fR=\fIIMAGE_URL\fR
Deploy with a specific Docker image. Docker url must be from one of the valid
gcr hostnames.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-promote\fR
Promote the deployed version to receive all traffic. Overrides the default
\fBapp/promote_by_default\fR property value for this command invocation. Use
\fB\-\-no\-promote\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stop\-previous\-version\fR
Stop the previously running version when deploying a new version that receives
all traffic. Overrides the default \fBapp/stop_previous_version\fR property
value for this command invocation. Use \fB\-\-no\-stop\-previous\-version\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
The version of the app that will be created or replaced by this deployment. If
you do not specify a version, one will be generated for you.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deploy a single service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app deploy ~/my_app/app.yaml
.RE

To deploy an App Engine Standard Java service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app deploy ~/my_app/WEB\-INF/appengine\-web.xml
.RE

By default, the service is deployed the current project configured via:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set core/project PROJECT
.RE

To override this value for a single deployment, use the \f5\fI\-\-project\fR\fR
flag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app deploy ~/my_app/app.yaml \-\-project=PROJECT
.RE

To deploy multiple services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app deploy ~/my_app/app.yaml \e
    ~/my_app/another_service.yaml
.RE

To change the default \-\-promote behavior for your current environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set app/promote_by_default false
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy
.RE

