
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAM_WORKLOAD\-IDENTITY\-POOLS_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools operations describe \- describe a WorkloadIdentityPool operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-workload\-identity\-pool\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a WorkloadIdentityPool operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

WorkloadIdentityPoolOperation resource \- The WorkloadIdentityPool long running
operation to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [operation] on the command line with a fully specified name; set
the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the WorkloadIdentityPoolOperation or fully qualified identifier for the
WorkloadIdentityPoolOperation. This positional must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workload\-identity\-pool\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR
The ID to use for the pool, which becomes the final component of the resource
name. This value should be 4\-32 characters, and may contain the characters
[a\-z0\-9\-]. The prefix \f5gcp\-\fR is reserved for use by Google, and may not
be specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiam/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command describes the long running WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider
operation with the ID 'my\-operation':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools operations describe \e
    my\-operation
    \-\-workload\-identity\-pool="my\-workload\-identity\-pool"
    \-\-location="global"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools operations describe
.RE

