
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms \- manage cryptographic keys in the cloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud kms command group lets you generate, use, rotate and
destroy Google Cloud KMS keys.

Cloud KMS is a cloud\-hosted key management service that lets you manage
encryption for your cloud services the same way you do on\-premises. You can
generate, use, rotate and destroy AES256 encryption keys. Cloud KMS is
integrated with IAM and Cloud Audit Logging so that you can manage permissions
on individual keys, and monitor how these are used. Use Cloud KMS to protect
secrets and other sensitive data which you need to store in Google Cloud
Platform.

More information on Cloud KMS can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/kms/
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBimport\-jobs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage import jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBkeyrings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage keyrings.

.TP 2m
\fBkeys\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage keys.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View locations available for a project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBasymmetric\-decrypt\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Decrypt an input file using an asymmetric\-encryption key version.

.TP 2m
\fBasymmetric\-sign\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sign a user input file using an asymmetric\-signing key version.

.TP 2m
\fBdecrypt\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Decrypt a ciphertext file using a Cloud KMS key.

.TP 2m
\fBencrypt\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Encrypt a plaintext file using a key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms
$ gcloud beta kms
.RE

