
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_ENDPOINTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha service\-directory endpoints delete \- delete an endpoint



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha service\-directory endpoints delete\fR (\fIENDPOINT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an endpoint.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Endpoint resource \- The Service Directory endpoint to delete. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [endpoint] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENDPOINT\fR
ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
The name of the namespace for the endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The name of the service for the endpoint.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a Service Directory endpoint, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory endpoints delete my\-endpoint \e
    \-\-service=my\-service \-\-namespace=my\-namespace \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory endpoints delete
.RE

