
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VIDEO_OPERATIONS_WAIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml video operations wait \- poll long\-running video analysis operation until it completes



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml video operations wait\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Poll a long\-running video analysis operation until it completes.
When the operation is complete, this command will display the results of the
analysis.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- ID for the operation to poll until complete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvideointelligence/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/video\-intelligence/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To poll a long\-running video analysis operation named
\'projects/my\-project/locations/us\-east1/operations/123' until it completes,
run the following:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml video operations wait \e
    projects/my\-project/locations/us\-east1/operations/123
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml video operations wait
$ gcloud beta ml video operations wait
.RE

