
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_TASKS_QUEUES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta tasks queues update \- update a Cloud Tasks queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta tasks queues update\fR \fIQUEUE\fR [\fB\-\-clear\-log\-sampling\-ratio\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-log\-sampling\-ratio\fR=\fILOG_SAMPLING_RATIO\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-max\-attempts\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-max\-backoff\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-max\-concurrent\-dispatches\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-concurrent\-dispatches\fR=\fIMAX_CONCURRENT_DISPATCHES\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-max\-dispatches\-per\-second\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-dispatches\-per\-second\fR=\fIMAX_DISPATCHES_PER_SECOND\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-max\-doublings\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-max\-retry\-duration\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-min\-backoff\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-routing\-override\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-routing\-override\fR=\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,[...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The flags available to this command represent the fields of a queue
that are mutable.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUEUE\fR
The queue to update.



.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-log\-sampling\-ratio\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-log\-sampling\-ratio\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-sampling\-ratio\fR=\fILOG_SAMPLING_RATIO\fR
Specifies the fraction of operations to write to Stackdriver Logging. This field
may contain any value between 0.0 and 1.0, inclusive. 0.0 is the default and
means that no operations are logged.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-max\-attempts\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-max\-attempts\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR
The maximum number of attempts per task in the queue.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-max\-backoff\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-max\-backoff\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR
The maximum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it fails. Must
be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-max\-concurrent\-dispatches\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-max\-concurrent\-dispatches\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-concurrent\-dispatches\fR=\fIMAX_CONCURRENT_DISPATCHES\fR
The maximum number of concurrent tasks that Cloud Tasks allows to be dispatched
for this queue. After this threshold has been reached, Cloud Tasks stops
dispatching tasks until the number of outstanding requests decreases.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-max\-dispatches\-per\-second\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-max\-dispatches\-per\-second\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-dispatches\-per\-second\fR=\fIMAX_DISPATCHES_PER_SECOND\fR
The maximum rate at which tasks are dispatched from this queue.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-max\-doublings\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-max\-doublings\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR
The time between retries will double maxDoublings times.

A tasks retry interval starts at minBackoff, then doubles maxDoublings times,
then increases linearly, and finally retries retries at intervals of maxBackoff
up to maxAttempts times.

For example, if minBackoff is 10s, maxBackoff is 300s, and maxDoublings is 3,
then the a task will first be retried in 10s. The retry interval will double
three times, and then increase linearly by 2^3 * 10s. Finally, the task will
retry at intervals of maxBackoff until the task has been attempted maxAttempts
times. Thus, the requests will retry at 10s, 20s, 40s, 80s, 160s, 240s, 300s,
300s.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-max\-retry\-duration\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR
The time limit for retrying a failed task, measured from when the task was first
run. Once the \f5\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR time has passed and the task has
been attempted \-\-max\-attempts times, no further attempts will be made and the
task will be deleted.

Must be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-min\-backoff\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-min\-backoff\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR
The minimum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it fails. Must
be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-routing\-override\fR
Clear the field corresponding to \f5\-\-routing\-override\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-routing\-override\fR=\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,[...]
If provided, the specified route is used for all tasks in the queue, no matter
what is set is at the task\-level.

KEY must be at least one of: [service, version, instance]. Any missing keys will
use the default.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a Cloud Tasks queue:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta tasks queues update my\-queue
  \-\-clear\-max\-attempts \-\-clear\-max\-retry\-duration
  \-\-clear\-max\-doublings \-\-clear\-min\-backoff
  \-\-clear\-max\-backoff
  \-\-clear\-max\-dispatches\-per\-second
  \-\-clear\-max\-concurrent\-dispatches
  \-\-clear\-routing\-override
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud tasks queues update
$ gcloud alpha tasks queues update
.RE

