
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc clusters set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc clusters set\-iam\-policy\fR \fICLUSTER\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for a cluster, given a cluster name and the
policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
The ID of the cluster to set the policy on.

.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command sets the IAM policy for a cluster with the name
\f5example\-cluster\-name\-1\fR using policy.yaml:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters set\-iam\-policy \e
    example\-cluster\-name\-1 policy.yaml
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters set\-iam\-policy
.RE

