
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NOTEBOOKS_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha notebooks instances create \- request for creating an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha notebooks instances create\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) ([\fB\-\-container\-repository\fR=\fICONTAINER_REPOSITORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-container\-tag\fR=\fICONTAINER_TAG\fR]\ |\ [\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-environment\-location\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT_LOCATION\fR]\ |\ [(\fB\-\-vm\-image\-family\fR=\fIVM_IMAGE_FAMILY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-vm\-image\-name\fR=\fIVM_IMAGE_NAME\fR)\ :\ \fB\-\-vm\-image\-project\fR=\fIVM_IMAGE_PROJECT\fR;\ default="deeplearning\-platform\-release"]) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-owners\fR=\fIINSTANCE_OWNERS\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR;\ default="n1\-standard\-1"] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-post\-startup\-script\fR=\fIPOST_STARTUP_SCRIPT\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-accelerator\-core\-count\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_CORE_COUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR\ \fB\-\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-gpu\-driver\-path\fR=\fICUSTOM_GPU_DRIVER_PATH\fR\ \fB\-\-install\-gpu\-driver\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\-encryption\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION\fR\ [\fB\-\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKMS_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-kms\-keyring\fR=\fIKMS_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-kms\-location\fR=\fIKMS_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-kms\-project\fR=\fIKMS_PROJECT\fR]] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-no\-proxy\-access\fR\ \fB\-\-no\-public\-ip\fR\ [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for creating notebook instances.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- User\-defined unique name of this instance. The instance
name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only lowercase letters, numeric
characters, and dashes. The first character must be a lowercase letter and the
last character cannot be a dash. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location of this environment
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions\-zones/#locations.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-repository\fR=\fICONTAINER_REPOSITORY\fR
The path to the container image repository. For example:
gcr.io/\f5{project_id}\fR/\f5{image_name}\fR. This flag must be specified if any
of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-tag\fR=\fICONTAINER_TAG\fR
The tag of the container image. If not specified, this defaults to the latest
tag.

.TP 2m

Environment resource \- User\-defined unique name of this environment. The
environment name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only lowercase
letters, numeric characters, and dashes. The first character must be a lowercase
letter and the last character cannot be a dash. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-environment] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\-location\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT_LOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location of this environment
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions\-zones/#locations.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-image\-project\fR=\fIVM_IMAGE_PROJECT\fR; default="deeplearning\-platform\-release"
The ID of the Google Cloud project that this VM image belongs to. Format:
projects/\f5{project_id}\fR.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-image\-family\fR=\fIVM_IMAGE_FAMILY\fR
Use this VM image family to find the image; the newest image in this family will
be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-image\-name\fR=\fIVM_IMAGE_NAME\fR
Use this VM image name to find the image.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-owners\fR=\fIINSTANCE_OWNERS\fR
The owners of this instance after creation. Format: \f5alias@example.com\fR.
Currently supports one owner only. If not specified, all of the service account
users of the VM instance's service account can use the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Labels to apply to this instance. These can be later modified by the setLabels
method.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR; default="n1\-standard\-1"
The Compute Engine machine type of this instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Custom metadata to apply to this instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-post\-startup\-script\fR=\fIPOST_STARTUP_SCRIPT\fR
Path to a Bash script that automatically runs after a notebook instance fully
boots up. The path must be a URL or Cloud Storage path
(gs://\f5path\-to\-file\fR/\f5file\-name\fR).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account on this instance, giving access to other Google Cloud
services. You can use any service account within the same project, but you must
have the service account user permission to use the instance. If not specified,
the Compute Engine default service account is used.

.TP 2m

The hardware accelerator used on this instance. If you use accelerators, make
sure that your configuration has enough vCPUs and memory to support the
`machine_type` you have selected.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-core\-count\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_CORE_COUNT\fR
Count of cores of this accelerator.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR
Type of this accelerator. \fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBNVIDIA_TESLA_K80\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P100\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_V100\fR,
\fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P4\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_T4\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_T4_VWS\fR,
\fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P100_VWS\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P4_VWS\fR, \fBTPU_V2\fR,
\fBTPU_V3\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Boot disk configurations.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the disk in GB attached to this instance, up to a maximum of 64000
GB (64 TB). The minimum recommended value is 100 GB. If not specified, this
defaults to 100.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of disk attached to this instance, defaults to standard persistent disk
(\f5PD_STANDARD\fR). \fIBOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBPD_STANDARD\fR,
\fBPD_SSD\fR, \fBPD_BALANCED\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

GPU driver configurations.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-gpu\-driver\-path\fR=\fICUSTOM_GPU_DRIVER_PATH\fR
Specify a custom Cloud Storage path where the GPU driver is stored. If not
specified, we'll automatically choose from official GPU drivers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-install\-gpu\-driver\fR
Whether the end user authorizes Google Cloud to install a GPU driver on this
instance. If this field is empty or set to false, the GPU driver won't be
installed. Only applicable to instances with GPUs.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Disk encryption configurations.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-encryption\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION\fR
Disk encryption method used on the boot disk, defaults to GMEK.
\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION\fR must be one of: \fBGMEK\fR, \fBCMEK\fR.

.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the instance. The 'Compute Engine Service Agent' service account
must hold permission 'Cloud KMS CryptoKey Encrypter/Decrypter'. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKMS_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-keyring\fR=\fIKMS_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-location\fR=\fIKMS_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-project\fR=\fIKMS_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Network configs.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Network resource \- The name of the VPC that this instance is in. Format:
projects/\f5{project_id}\fR/global/networks/\f5{network_id}\fR. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [\-\-network] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
ID of the network or fully qualified identifier for the network.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-proxy\-access\fR
If true, the notebook instance will not register with the proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-public\-ip\fR
If specified, no public IP will be assigned to this instance.

.TP 2m

Subnetwork resource \- The name of the subnet that this instance is in. Format:
projects/\f5{project_id}\fR/regions/\f5{region}\fR/subnetworks/\f5{subnetwork_id}\fR.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-subnet] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
ID of the subnetwork or fully qualified identifier for the subnetwork. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR
Google Cloud region of this subnetwork
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions\-zones/#locations.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an instance from an environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances create example\-instance \e
    \-\-environment=example\-env \-\-environment\-location=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-4  example\-instance \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1\-b
.RE

To create an instance from a VmImage family, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances create example\-instance \e
    \-\-vm\-image\-project=deeplearning\-platform\-release \e
    \-\-vm\-image\-family=caffe1\-latest\-cpu\-experimental \e
    \-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-4 \-\-location=us\-central1\-b
.RE

To create an instance from a VmImage name, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances create example\-instance \e
    \-\-vm\-image\-project=deeplearning\-platform\-release \e
    \-\-vm\-image\-name=tf2\-2\-1\-cu101\-notebooks\-20200110 \e
    \-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-4 \-\-location=us\-central1\-b
.RE

To create an instance from a Container Repository, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances create example\-instance \e
    \-\-container\-repository=gcr.io/deeplearning\-platform\-release/\e
base\-cpu \-\-container\-tag=test\-tag \-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-4 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1\-b
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks instances create
.RE

