
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_SPEECH_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml speech operations describe \- get description of a long\-running speech recognition operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml speech operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get information about a long\-running speech recognition
operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The ID of the operation to describe. This represents a
Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspeech/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/speech\-to\-text/docs/quickstart\-protocol



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To fetch details for the operation '12345':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml speech operations describe 12345
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml speech operations describe
$ gcloud beta ml speech operations describe
.RE

