
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_ASSOCIATIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations delete \- delete a Compute Engine organization security policy association



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations delete\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations
delete\fR is used to delete organization security policy association.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the association to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name or ID of the security policy ID of the association.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
ID of the organization in which the security policy is to be detached. Must be
set if SECURITY_POLICY is display name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an association with name ``example\-association" of an organization
security policy with ID ``123456789", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations delete \e
    delete example\-association \-\-security\-policy=123456789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies associations delete
.RE

