
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_VMWARE_PRIVATECLOUDS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds create \- create a Cloud VMware privatecloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds create\fR (\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-management\-ip\-range\fR=\fIMANAGEMENT_IP_RANGE\fR \fB\-\-vpc\-network\fR=\fIVPC_NETWORK\fR \fB\-\-workload\-ip\-range\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_IP_RANGE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a vmware privatecloud.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Privatecloud resource \- privatecloud. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [privatecloud] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR
ID of the privatecloud or fully qualified identifier for the privatecloud. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the privatecloud or cluster.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-management\-ip\-range\fR=\fIMANAGEMENT_IP_RANGE\fR
ip addresses range available to the privatecloud for management access, in
address/mask format, e.g. 10.0.1.0/29

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpc\-network\fR=\fIVPC_NETWORK\fR
Name of the virtual network for this privatecloud

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workload\-ip\-range\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_IP_RANGE\fR
ip addresses range available to the privatecloud in address/mask format, e.g.
10.0.1.0/29


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Text describing the privatecloud

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a privatecloud called example\-privatecloud in project my\-project and
location us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds create example\-privatecloud
.RE

Or:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds create example\-privatecloud \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE

Or:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds create \e
    /projects/my\-project/locations/us\-central1/example\-privatecloud
.RE

In the first example, the project and location are taken from gcloud properties
core/project and vmware/location.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

