
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine models create \- create a new AI Platform model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine models create\fR \fIMODEL\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-console\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new AI Platform model.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the model.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-console\-logging\fR
If set, enables StackDriver Logging of stderr and stdout streams for online
prediction. These logs are more verbose than the standard access logs and can be
helpful for debugging.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
If set, enables StackDriver Logging for online prediction. These logs are like
standard server access logs, containing information such as timestamps and
latency for each request.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

If you specify this flag, do not specify \f5\-\-regions\fR.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]
The Google Cloud region where the model will be deployed (currently only a
single region is supported).

Defaults to 'us\-central1'.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models create
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models create
.RE

