
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_OPERATIONS_WAIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine operations wait \- wait for an AI Platform operation to complete



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine operations wait\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Wait for an AI Platform operation to complete.

Given an operation ID, this command polls the operation and blocks until it
completes. At completion, the operation message is printed (which includes the
operation response).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
Name of the operation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west4\fR,
\fBus\-central1\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine operations wait
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine operations wait
.RE

