
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_CREATE\-FROM\-FILE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc clusters create\-from\-file \- create a cluster from a file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc clusters create\-from\-file\fR \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a cluster from a file.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The path to a YAML file containing a Dataproc Cluster resource.

For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/reference/rest/v1beta2/projects.regions.clusters#Cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters create\-from\-file
.RE

