
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding of a topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fITOPIC\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding of a Cloud Pub/Sub Topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The topic to remove the IAM policy binding from. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [topic] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsub/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To Remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with topic 'my\-topic', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-topic \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' from all authenticated users on topic 'my\-topic':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-topic \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

