
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PUBLIC\-ADVERTISED\-PREFIXES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute public\-advertised\-prefixes create \- creates a Google Compute Engine public advertised prefix



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute public\-advertised\-prefixes create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-dns\-verification\-ip\fR=\fIDNS_VERIFICATION_IP\fR \fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the public advertised prefix to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dns\-verification\-ip\fR=\fIDNS_VERIFICATION_IP\fR
IPv4 address to use for verification. It must be within the IPv4 range specified
in \-\-range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
IPv4 range allocated to this public advertised prefix, in CIDR format.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of this public advertised prefix.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a public advertised prefix:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute public\-advertised\-prefixes create \e
    my\-public\-advertised\-prefix \-\-range=120.120.10.0/24 \e
  \-\-dns\-verification\-ip=120.120.10.15
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

