
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_NODE\-POOLS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container node\-pools delete \- delete an existing node pool in a running cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container node\-pools delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud container node\-pools delete\fR deletes a node pool from a Google
Kubernetes Engine cluster. This command does not gracefully drain the nodes
prior to deleting them. Use "kubectl drain NODE_NAME" to drain each node to have
containers running on these nodes terminate gracefully.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the node pool to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Don't wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The cluster from which to delete the node pool. Overrides the default
\fBcontainer/cluster\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the "node\-pool\-1" node pool from the cluster "sample\-cluster", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools delete node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=sample\-cluster
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools delete
$ gcloud beta container node\-pools delete
.RE

