
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRIES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for the given Cloud Data Catalog entry as
defined in a JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry resource \- Entry for which to set the IAM policy. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the entry or fully qualified identifier for the entry. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the entry 'entry1' in group 'group1' and location
\'us\-central1':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries set\-iam\-policy entry1 \e
    \-\-entry\-group=group1 \-\-location=us\-central1 policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entries set\-iam\-policy
.RE

