
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_USERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql users create \- creates a user in a given instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql users create\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a user in a given instance with specified username, host, and password.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUSERNAME\fR
Cloud SQL username.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
Cloud SQL user's host name expressed as a specific IP address or address range.
\f5%\fR denotes an unrestricted host name. Applicable flag for MySQL instances;
ignored for PostgreSQL instances. Note, if you connect to your instance using IP
addresses, you must add your client IP address as an Authorized Address, even if
your host name is unrestricted. For help on how to do so, read:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/configure\-ip

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Cloud SQL user's password.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql users create
$ gcloud beta sql users create
.RE

