
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_PATCH\-DEPLOYMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-deployments create \- create a patch deployment for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-deployments create\fR \fIPATCH_DEPLOYMENT_ID\fR \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-deployments create\fR
creates a patch deployment in a project from a specified file. A patch
deployment triggers a patch job to run at specific time(s) according to a
schedule, and applies instance filters and other patch configurations to the
patch job at run time. Alternatively, to run a patch job on\-demand, see \fB$
gcloud\fR \fBalpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs execute\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPATCH_DEPLOYMENT_ID\fR
Name of the patch deployment to create.

This name must contain only lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens, start with
a letter, end with a number or a letter, be between 1\-63 characters, and unique
within the project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The JSON or YAML file with the patch deployment to create. For information about
the patch deployment format, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/osconfig/rest/v1alpha2/projects.patchDeployments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a patch deployment \f5patch\-deployment\-1\fR in the current project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-deployments create \e
  patch\-deployment\-1 \-\-file=path_to_config_file
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-config patch\-deployments create
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-deployments create
.RE

