
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCT\-SETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets \- uses Google Cloud Vision to manipulate product sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Uses Google Cloud Vision to manipulate product sets.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-product\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a product to the specified product set.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new product set.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a product set.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a product set.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a list of reference images to specified product sets.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List product sets in a location.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-products\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List products in a product set.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-product\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a product from a product set.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a product set.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets
.RE

