
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_POLICY\-TAGS_GET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags get\-iam\-policy \- get the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog Policy Tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags get\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR) [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags
get\-iam\-policy\fR displays the IAM policy associated with a Cloud Data Catalog
Policy Tag. If formatted as JSON, the output can be edited and used as a policy
file for \fBset\-iam\-policy\fR. The output includes an "etag" field identifying
the version emitted and allowing detection of concurrent policy updates; see $
gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags set\-iam\-policy for
additional details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy tag resource \- Policy tag for which to display the IAM policy. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [policy_tag] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR
ID of the policy tag or fully qualified identifier for the policy tag. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the policy tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR
Taxonomy of the policy tag.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the IAM policy for 'POLICY_TAG' in 'LOCATION' and 'TAXONOMY', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags get\-iam\-policy \e
    POLICY_TAG \-\-taxonomy='TAXONOMY' \-\-location='LOCATION'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags get\-iam\-policy
.RE

