
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute images export \- export a Google Compute Engine image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute images export\fR \fB\-\-destination\-uri\fR=\fIDESTINATION_URI\fR (\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-export\-format\fR=\fIEXPORT_FORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="2h"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute images export\fR exports Virtual Disk images
from Google Compute Engine.

By default, images are exported in the Google Compute Engine format, which is a
disk.raw file that has been tarred and gzipped.

The \f5\-\-export\-format\fR flag will export the image to a format supported by
QEMU using qemu\-img. Valid formats include \f5vmdk\fR, \f5vhdx\fR, \f5vpc\fR,
\f5vdi\fR, and \f5qcow2\fR.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-uri\fR=\fIDESTINATION_URI\fR
The Google Cloud Storage URI destination for the exported virtual disk file.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
The name of the disk image to export.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR
The family of the disk image to be exported. When a family is used instead of an
image, the latest non\-deprecated image associated with that family is used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-format\fR=\fIEXPORT_FORMAT\fR
Specify the format to export to, such as \f5vmdk\fR, \f5vhdx\fR, \f5vpc\fR, or
\f5qcow2\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR
The project against which all image and image family references will be
resolved. It is best practice to define image\-project.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
If specifying one of our public images, image\-project must be provided.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If there are several of the same image\-family value in multiple projects,
image\-project must be specified to clarify the image to be used.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If not specified and either image or image\-family is provided, the current
default project is used.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR
Directory in Google Cloud Storage to hold build logs. If not set,
\f5gs://<project num>.cloudbuild\-logs.googleusercontent.com/\fR will be created
and used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The name of the network in your project to use for the image export. The network
must have access to Google Cloud Storage. If not specified, the network named
\f5default\fR is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Name of the subnetwork in your project to use for the image export. If the
network resource is in legacy mode, do not provide this property. If the network
is in auto subnet mode, providing the subnetwork is optional. If the network is
in custom subnet mode, then this field should be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="2h"
Maximum time a build can last before it is failed as "TIMEOUT". For example,
specifying \f5\fI2h\fR\fR will fail the process after 2 hours. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the image to export. The zone to use when exporting the image. Overrides
the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images export
$ gcloud alpha compute images export
.RE

