
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_ROWS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner rows update \- update a row in a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner rows update\fR \fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR \fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR (\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a row in a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR
The column names and values of a row which will be updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR
The Cloud Spanner table name.

.TP 2m

DATABASE \- The Cloud Spanner database in which to update a row. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide
the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR
The ID of the database or a fully qualified identifier for the database. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a row with SingerId=1,SingName=abc in table Singers under.RS 2m
my\-database and my\-instance, run:

.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner rows update  \-\-table=Singers \e
  \-\-database=my\-database
  \-\-instance=my\-instance \-\-data=SingerId=1,SingerName=abc
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner rows update
.RE

