
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUN_SERVICES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta run services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Run service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta run services add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fISERVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of a Cloud Run service.
One binding consists of a member, a role, and an optional condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The service for which to add IAM policy binding to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [service] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud Run region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run on Google Kubernetes Engine. This platform is not supported by this
command.

.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.

.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

Condition of the binding to be added. When condition is explicitly specified as
\f5None\fR (e.g. \-\-condition=None), a binding without a condition is added.
When \-\-condition is specified and is not a \f5None\fR condition,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) Title for the expression, i.e. a short string describing its purpose.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Description for the expression. This is a longer text which describes
the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrun/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/run/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/run.invoker' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with service 'my\-service' and region 'us\-central1',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-service \e
    \-\-region='us\-central1' \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/run.invoker'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2019 for the
role of 'roles/run.invoker' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with service
\'my\-service' and region 'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-service \e
    \-\-region='us\-central1' \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/run.invoker' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2020\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2019,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2019\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run services add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

