
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS_DEDICATED_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments dedicated create \- create a Compute Engine dedicated interconnect attachment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments dedicated create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-interconnect\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT\fR \fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR [\fB\-\-bandwidth\fR=\fIBANDWIDTH\fR] [\fB\-\-candidate\-subnets\fR=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-vlan\fR=\fIVLAN\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute interconnects attachments dedicated
create\fR is used to create a dedicated interconnect attachments. An
interconnect attachment is what binds the underlying connectivity of an
interconnect to a path into and out of the customer's cloud network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect attachment to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interconnect\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT\fR
The interconnect for the interconnect attachment

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR
The Google Cloud Router to use for dynamic routing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bandwidth\fR=\fIBANDWIDTH\fR
Provisioned capacity of the attachment. \fIBANDWIDTH\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB50m\fR
50 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB100m\fR
100 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB200m\fR
200 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB300m\fR
300 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB400m\fR
400 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB500m\fR
500 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB1g\fR
1 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB2g\fR
2 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB5g\fR
5 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB10g\fR
10 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB20g\fR
20 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB50g\fR
50 Gbit/s
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-candidate\-subnets\fR=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]
Up to 16 candidate prefixes that can be used to restrict the allocation of
\f5cloudRouterIpAddress\fR and \f5customerRouterIpAddress\fR for this
attachment. All prefixes must be within link\-local address space. Google will
attempt to select an unused /29 from the supplied candidate subnet(s), or all of
link\-local space if no subnets supplied. Google will not re\-use a /29 already
in\-use by your project, even if it's contained in one of the candidate subnets.
The request will fail if all /29s within the candidate subnets are in use at
Google's edge.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Human\-readable plain\-text description of attachment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect attachment. If not provided on
creation, defaults to enabled. When this is enabled, the attachment is
operational and will carry traffic. Use \-\-no\-enable\-admin to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the interconnect attachment to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vlan\fR=\fIVLAN\fR
Desired VLAN for this attachment, in the range 2\-4094. If not supplied, Google
will automatically select a VLAN.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments dedicated create
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated create
.RE

