
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns \- manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones and record\-sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud dns command group lets you create and manage DNS zones
and their associated records on Google Cloud DNS.

Cloud DNS is a scalable, reliable and managed authoritative DNS service running
on the same infrastructure as Google. It has low latency, high availability and
is a cost\-effective way to make your applications and services available to
your users.

More information on Cloud DNS can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/dns
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdns\-keys\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud DNS DNSKEY records.

.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\-zones\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS operations.

.TP 2m
\fBpolicies\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS policies.

.TP 2m
\fBproject\-info\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View Cloud DNS related information for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBrecord\-sets\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to create and maintain managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones \-\-help
.RE

To see how to maintain the record\-sets within a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets \-\-help
.RE

To display Cloud DNS related information for your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns project\-info describe \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns
$ gcloud alpha dns
.RE

