
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_ANNOTATION\-STORES_EVALUATE_BQ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores evaluate bq \- evaluate a Cloud Healthcare API Annotation store and report to BigQuery



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores evaluate bq\fR (\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR \fB\-\-golden\-store\fR=\fIGOLDEN_STORE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Evaluate Cloud Healthcare API Annotation store against a ground
truth store and report the results to BigQuery.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

AnnotationStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API Annotation store to be
evaluated. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[annotation_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR
ID of the annotationStore or fully qualified identifier for the annotationStore.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR
BigQuery table where evaluation results are written.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-golden\-store\fR=\fIGOLDEN_STORE\fR
Ground truth AnnotationStore to compare against.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To evaluate the annotation\-store 'eval\-annotation\-store' against a ground
truth annotation\-store
\f5projects/my\-project/locations/my\-location/datasets/test\-dataset/annotationStores/golden\-annotation\-store\fR,
and report the metric to the BigQuery table \f5bqtable\fR in the BigQuery
dataset \f5bqdataset\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores evaluate bq \e
    eval\-annotation\-store \e
    \-\-golden\-store=projects/my\-project/locations/my\-location/\e
datasets/test\-dataset/annotationStores/golden\-annotation\-store \e
    \-\-bq\-table=bq://my\-project.bqdataset.bqtable \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

