
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_MAPS_ENTRIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries create \- create a certificate map entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries create\fR (\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-map\fR=\fIMAP\fR) (\fB\-\-hostname\fR=\fIHOSTNAME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-primary\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] \fB\-\-certificates\fR=[\fICERTIFICATES\fR,...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command creates a certificate map entry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate map entry resource \- The certificate map entry to create. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line with a fully
specified name; location is always global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the certificate map entry or fully qualified identifier for the
certificate map entry. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-map\fR=\fIMAP\fR
The certificate map for the certificate map entry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Arguments to configure matcher for the certificate map entry. Exactly one of
these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-hostname\fR=\fIHOSTNAME\fR
A domain name (FQDN), which controls when list of certificates specified in the
resource will be taken under consideration for certificate selection.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-primary\fR
The certificate will be used as the default cert if no other certificate in the
map matches on SNI.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Text description of a certificate map entry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate resource \- The certificates to be attached to the entry. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-certificates] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. To set the [location] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-certificates] on the command line with a fully specified name; location is
always global.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificates\fR=[\fICERTIFICATES\fR,...]
IDs of the certificates or fully qualified identifiers for the certificates.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a certificate map entry with name simple\-entry, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries create simple\-map \e
    \-\-map simple\-entry \-\-certificates simple\-cert
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

