
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta active\-directory operations list \- list Managed Microsoft AD operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta active\-directory operations list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List all Managed Microsoft AD operations in the specified project.

You can specify the maximum number of operations to list using the
\f5\-\-limit\fR flag.



.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1beta1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command lists a maximum of five operations:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory operations list \-\-limit=5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory operations list
.RE

