
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_REMOVE\-HOST\-RULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-host\-rule \- remove a host rule from a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-host\-rule\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR \fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR [\fB\-\-delete\-orphaned\-path\-matcher\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-host\-rule\fR is used to
remove a host rule from a URL map. When a host rule is removed, its path matcher
is only removed if it is not referenced by any other host rules and
\f5\-\-delete\-orphaned\-path\-matcher\fR is provided.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP\fR
Name of the URL map to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
One of the hosts in the host rule to remove.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-orphaned\-path\-matcher\fR
If provided and a path matcher is orphaned as a result of this command, the
command removes the orphaned path matcher instead of failing.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove a host rule that contains the host \f5example.com\fR from the URL map
named \f5MY\-URL\-MAP\fR, you can use this command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-host\-rule MY\-URL\-MAP \e
    \-\-host example.com \-\-global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps remove\-host\-rule
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps remove\-host\-rule
.RE

