
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SSL\-POLICIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies update \- update a Google Compute Engine SSL policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-custom\-features\fR=[\fICUSTOM_FEATURES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-min\-tls\-version\fR=\fIMIN_TLS_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-profile\fR=\fIPROFILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies update\fR is used to update
SSL policies.

An SSL policy specifies the server\-side support for SSL features. An SSL policy
can be attached to a TargetHttpsProxy or a TargetSslProxy. This affects
connections between clients and the HTTPS or SSL proxy load balancer. SSL
policies do not affect the connection between the load balancers and the
backends.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the SSL policy to patch.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-features\fR=[\fICUSTOM_FEATURES\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of custom features, required when the profile being used
is CUSTOM.

Using CUSTOM profile allows customization of the features that are part of the
SSL policy. This flag allows specifying those custom features.

The list of all supported custom features can be obtained using:

.RS 2m
gcloud compute ssl\-policies list\-available\-features
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-tls\-version\fR=\fIMIN_TLS_VERSION\fR
Minimum TLS version. \fIMIN_TLS_VERSION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB1.0\fR
TLS 1.0.
.TP 2m
\fB1.1\fR
TLS 1.1.
.TP 2m
\fB1.2\fR
TLS 1.2.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-profile\fR=\fIPROFILE\fR
SSL policy profile. Changing profile from CUSTOM to COMPATIBLE|MODERN|RESTRICTED
will clear the custom\-features field. \fIPROFILE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCOMPATIBLE\fR
Compatible profile. Allows the broadest set of clients, even those which support
only out\-of\-date SSL features, to negotiate SSL with the load balancer.
.TP 2m
\fBCUSTOM\fR
Custom profile. Allows customization by selecting only the features which are
required. The list of all available features can be obtained using:

.RS 2m
gcloud compute ssl\-policies list\-available\-features
.RE

.TP 2m
\fBMODERN\fR
Modern profile. Supports a wide set of SSL features, allowing modern clients to
negotiate SSL.
.TP 2m
\fBRESTRICTED\fR
Restricted profile. Supports a reduced set of SSL features, intended to meet
stricter compliance requirements.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssl\-policies update
$ gcloud beta compute ssl\-policies update
.RE

