
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_BACKUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable backups \- manage Cloud Bigtable backups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable backups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Bigtable backups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a backup of a Cloud Bigtable table.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an existing backup.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Retrieves information about a backup.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List existing Bigtable backups.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a backup, only supported for the following fields:
\-\-expiration\-date and \-\-retention\-period.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable backups
$ gcloud alpha bigtable backups
.RE

