
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECOMMENDER_INSIGHTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recommender insights \- manage insights for Cloud recommendations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recommender insights\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage insights for Cloud recommendations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an insight.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List insights for a Cloud project.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-accepted\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark an insight's state as ACCEPTED. Can be applied to insights in
ACTIVE or ACCEPTED state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-active\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark an insight's state as ACTIVE. Can be applied to insights in
DISMISSED state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-dismissed\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark an insight's state as DISMISSED. Can be applied to insights
in ACTIVE state.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

