
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FIRESTORE_INDEXES_COMPOSITE_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta firestore indexes composite create \- create a new composite index



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta firestore indexes composite create\fR \fB\-\-collection\-group\fR=\fICOLLECTION_GROUP\fR \fB\-\-field\-config\fR=\fIFIELD_CONFIG\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new composite index.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Collection group resource \- Collection group of the index. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-collection\-group] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
To set the [database] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-collection\-group] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-database] on the command line (currently '(default)' is the only supported
value). This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collection\-group\fR=\fICOLLECTION_GROUP\fR
ID of the collection group or fully qualified identifier for the collection
group.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-field\-config\fR=\fIFIELD_CONFIG\fR
Configuration for a field.

This flag must be repeated to provide the ordered list of field configurations
comprising the composite index. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore indexes composite create \e
    \-\-collection\-group=Events \e
    \-\-field\-config field\-path=tags,array\-config=contains \e
    \-\-field\-config field\-path=user_id,order=descending \e
    \-\-field\-config field\-path=timestamp,order=descending
.RE

The following keys are allowed:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfield\-path\fR
Specifies the field path (e.g. 'address.city'). This is required.

.TP 2m
\fBorder\fR
Specifies the order. Valid options are: 'ascending', 'descending'. Exactly one
of order or array\-config must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fBarray\-config\fR
Specifies the configuration for an array field. The only valid option is
\'contains'. Exactly one of 'order' or 'array\-config' must be specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfirestore/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/firestore



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a composite index with fields \f5user_id\fR (in
descending order) followed by \f5timestamp\fR (in descending order) in the
\f5Events\fR collection group.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore indexes composite create \e
    \-\-collection\-group=Events \e
    \-\-field\-config=field\-path=user\-id,order=descending \e
    \-\-field\-config=field\-path=timestamp,order=descending
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firestore indexes composite create
$ gcloud alpha firestore indexes composite create
.RE

