
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_TRANSLATE_GET\-SUPPORTED\-LANGUAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml translate get\-supported\-languages \- returns a list of supported languages for translation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml translate get\-supported\-languages\fR [\fB\-\-display\-language\-code\fR=\fIDISPLAY_LANGUAGE_CODE\fR] [\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR;\ default="global"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List supported languages for translation.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-language\-code\fR=\fIDISPLAY_LANGUAGE_CODE\fR
The language to use to return localized, human\-readable name of supported
languages. If missing, then display names aren't returned in the response.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
Get supported languages of specified model.

Authorization requires one or more of the following Google IAM permissions on
the specified resource model:

.RS 2m
cloudtranslate.generalModels.get
.RE

.RS 2m
automl.models.get
.RE

Defaults to 'general/base'.

Usage:

.RS 2m
AutoML models: '\-\-model=TRL321456789'
.RE

.RS 2m
General models: '\-\-model=general/nmt'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR; default="global"
Location to make calls. Non\-global location is required for requests using
AutoML models. Currently, only 'us\-central1' is supported as a non\-global
location. Defaults to 'global'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtranslate/v3\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/quickstarts



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command lists supported languages.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml translate get\-supported\-languages \-\-zone=global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml translate get\-supported\-languages
.RE

