
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp \- manage sensitive data with Cloud Data Loss Prevention



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The DLP API lets you understand and manage sensitive data. It
provides fast, scalable classification and optional redaction for sensitive data
elements like credit card numbers, names, Social Security numbers, passport
numbers, US and selected international driver's license numbers, and phone
numbers. The API classifies this data using more than 50 predefined detectors to
identify patterns, formats, and checksums, and even understands contextual
clues. The API supports text and images; just send data to the API or specify
data stored on your Google Cloud Storage, BigQuery, or Cloud Datastore
instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdatasources\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud DLP Commands for analyzing Google Cloud data repositories.

.TP 2m
\fBimages\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Cloud DLP Image capabilities.

.TP 2m
\fBjob\-triggers\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud DLP commands for creating and managing Cloud DLP job
triggers.

.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage asynchronous, long\-running Cloud DLP jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBtext\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Cloud DLP Text capabilities.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

