
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RECOMMENDER_RECOMMENDATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta recommender recommendations describe \- describe a recommendation for a Cloud project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta recommender recommendations describe\fR (\fIRECOMMENDATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-recommender\fR=\fIRECOMMENDER\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a recommendation for a Cloud project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Recommendation resource \- The Cloud Recommendation to describe. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [recommendation] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRECOMMENDATION\fR
ID of the recommendation or fully qualified identifier for the recommendation.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recommender\fR=\fIRECOMMENDER\fR
The recommender ID.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrecommender/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a recommendation:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta recommender recommendations describe abcd\-1234 \e
    \-\-project=project\-name \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-recommender=google.iam.policy.RoleRecommender
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha recommender recommendations describe
.RE

