
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_OPERATIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer operations delete \- deletes one or more completed Cloud Composer operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer operations delete\fR (\fIOPERATIONS\fR\ [\fIOPERATIONS\fR\ ...]\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes operations that are done. If more than one operation is
specified, all deletes will be attempted. If any of the deletes fail, those
operations and their failure messages will be listed on the standard error, and
the command will exit with a non\-zero status.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The operations to delete. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATIONS\fR [\fIOPERATIONS\fR ...]
The ID of the operation or a fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine zone in which to create the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

