
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_SNAPSHOTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore snapshots describe \- describe a Cloud Filestore snapshot



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore snapshots describe\fR \fISNAPSHOT\fR (\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Displays all data associated with a Cloud Filestore snapshot given
a valid snapshot name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The snapshot specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given snapshot.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT\fR
Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore snapshot you want to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region (e.g. us\-central1) for the snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone (e.g. us\-central1\-c) for the snapshot.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfile/v1p1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To display all data associated with a snapshot of the name 'my\-snapshot' in the
region us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots describe my\-snapshot \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

