
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_KEYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys create \- create a private key for a service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys create\fR \fIOUTPUT\-FILE\fR \fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR [\fB\-\-key\-file\-type\fR=\fIKEY_FILE_TYPE\fR;\ default="json"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a private key for a service account.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOUTPUT\-FILE\fR
The path where the resulting private key should be written. File system write
permission will be checked on the specified path prior to the key creation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account for which to create a key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\-type\fR=\fIKEY_FILE_TYPE\fR; default="json"
The type of key to create. \fIKEY_FILE_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBjson\fR,
\fBp12\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new private key for a service account, and save a copy of it
locally, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys create \e
    \-\-iam\-account my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com key.json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

The option \-\-key\-file\-type=p12 is available here only for legacy reasons;
all new use cases are encouraged to use the default 'json' format.

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys create
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts keys create
.RE

