
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_ADD\-JOB_HIVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job hive \- add a Hive job to the workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job hive\fR \fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR \fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR (\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR) [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add a Hive job to the workflow template.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR
The step ID of the job in the workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR
The dataproc workflow template ID.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
A Hive query to execute as part of the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
HCFS URI of file containing Hive script to execute as the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
Whether to continue if a single query fails.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the Hive and MR. May contain
UDFs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to set variables in the Hive queries.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to configure Hive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]
(Optional) List of step IDs to start this job after.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

