
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_READGROUPSETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets \- commands for Genomics read group sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to delete, describe, import, update, and list read group
sets.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a read group set.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns details about a read group set.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports a read group set to a BAM file in cloud storage.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Imports read group sets into a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List genomics read group sets in a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a readgroupset name and/or referenceSetId.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

