
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_UPDATE\-CONTAINER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances update\-container \- updates Google Compute engine virtual machine instances running container     images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances update\-container\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-container\-image\fR=\fICONTAINER_IMAGE\fR] [\fB\-\-container\-mount\-disk\fR=[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fImount\-path\fR=\fIMOUNT\-PATH\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIpartition\fR=\fIPARTITION\fR]] [\fB\-\-container\-privileged\fR] [\fB\-\-container\-restart\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-container\-stdin\fR] [\fB\-\-container\-tty\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-container\-args\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-container\-arg\fR=\fICONTAINER_ARG\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-container\-command\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-container\-command\fR=\fICONTAINER_COMMAND\fR] [\fB\-\-container\-env\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,\ ...,...]\ \fB\-\-container\-env\-file\fR=\fICONTAINER_ENV_FILE\fR\ \fB\-\-remove\-container\-env\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-container\-mount\-host\-path\fR=[\fIhost\-path\fR=\fIHOSTPATH\fR,\fImount\-path\fR=\fIMOUNTPATH\fR[,\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],...]\ \fB\-\-container\-mount\-tmpfs\fR=[\fImount\-path\fR=\fIMOUNTPATH\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-remove\-container\-mounts\fR=[\fIMOUNTPATH\fR[,\fIMOUNTPATH\fR,...],...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances update\-container\fR updates
Google Compute Engine virtual machines that runs a Docker image. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances update\-container instance\-1 \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a         \e
    \-\-container\-image=gcr.io/google\-containers/busybox
.RE

updates an instance called instance\-1, in the us\-central1\-a zone, to run the
\'busybox' image.

For more examples, refer to the \fBEXAMPLES\fR section below.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-image\fR=\fICONTAINER_IMAGE\fR
Sets container image in the declaration to the specified value.

Empty string is not allowed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-mount\-disk\fR=[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fImount\-path\fR=\fIMOUNT\-PATH\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIpartition\fR=\fIPARTITION\fR]
Mounts a disk to the container by using mount\-path or updates how the volume is
mounted if the same mount path has already been declared. The disk must already
be attached to the instance with a device\-name that matches the disk name.
Multiple flags are allowed.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
Name of the disk. Can be omitted if exactly one additional disk is attached to
the instance. The name of the single additional disk will be used by default.


.TP 2m
\fBmount\-path\fR
Path on container to mount to. Mount paths with spaces and commas (and other
special characters) are not supported by this command.

.TP 2m
\fBpartition\fR
Optional. The partition of the disk to mount. Multiple partitions of a disk may
be mounted.

.TP 2m
\fBmode\fR
Volume mount mode: \f5rw\fR (read/write) or \f5ro\fR (read\-only). Defaults to
\f5rw\fR. Fails if the disk mode is \f5ro\fR and volume mount mode is \f5rw\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-privileged\fR
Sets permission to run container to the specified value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-restart\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
Sets container restart policy to the specified value. \fIPOLICY\fR must be one
of: \fBnever\fR, \fBon\-failure\fR, \fBalways\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-stdin\fR
Sets configuration whether to keep container \f5STDIN\fR always open to the
specified value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-tty\fR
Sets configuration whether to allocate a pseudo\-TTY for the container to the
specified value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to update. If not specified, the user may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user will
then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-container\-args\fR
Removes the list of arguments from container declaration.

Cannot be used in the same command with \f5\-\-container\-arg\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-arg\fR=\fICONTAINER_ARG\fR
Completely replaces the list of arguments with the new list. Each argument must
have a separate \-\-container\-arg flag. Arguments are appended the new list in
the order of flags.

Cannot be used in the same command with \f5\-\-clear\-container\-arg\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-container\-command\fR
Removes command from container declaration.

Cannot be used in the same command with \f5\-\-container\-command\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-command\fR=\fICONTAINER_COMMAND\fR
Sets command in the declaration to the specified value. Empty string is not
allowed.

Cannot be used in the same command with \f5\-\-clear\-container\-command\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-env\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR, ...,...]
Update environment variables \f5KEY\fR with value \f5VALUE\fR passed to
container.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
Sets \f5KEY\fR to the specified value.
.IP "\(em" 2m
Adds \f5KEY\fR = \f5VALUE\fR, if \f5KEY\fR is not yet declared.
.IP "\(em" 2m
Only the last value of \f5KEY\fR is taken when \f5KEY\fR is repeated more
.RE
.RE
.sp
than once.

Values, declared with \f5\-\-container\-env\fR flag override those with the same
\f5KEY\fR from file, provided in \f5\-\-container\-env\-file\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-env\-file\fR=\fICONTAINER_ENV_FILE\fR
Update environment variables from a file. Same update rules as for
\f5\-\-container\-env\fR apply. Values, declared with \f5\-\-container\-env\fR
flag override those with the same \f5KEY\fR from file.

File with environment variables declarations in format used by docker (almost).
This means:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
Lines are in format KEY=VALUE
.IP "\(em" 2m
Values must contain equality signs.
.IP "\(em" 2m
Variables without values are not supported (this is different from
.RE
.RE
.sp
docker format).
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If # is first non\-whitespace character in a line the line is ignored
.RE
.sp
as a comment.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-container\-env\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
Removes environment variables \f5KEY\fR from container declaration Does nothing,
if a variable is not present.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-mount\-host\-path\fR=[\fIhost\-path\fR=\fIHOSTPATH\fR,\fImount\-path\fR=\fIMOUNTPATH\fR[,\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],...]
Mounts a volume by using host\-path.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
Adds a volume, if \f5mount\-path\fR is not yet declared.
.IP "\(em" 2m
Replaces a volume, if \f5mount\-path\fR is declared.
.RE
.RE
.sp
All parameters (\f5host\-path\fR, \f5mount\-path\fR, \f5mode\fR) are completely
replaced.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBhost\-path\fR
Path on host to mount from.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmount\-path\fR
Path on container to mount to. Mount paths with spaces and commas (and other
special characters) are not supported by this command.

.TP 2m
\fBmode\fR
Volume mount mode: rw (read/write) or ro (read\-only).

Default: rw.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-mount\-tmpfs\fR=[\fImount\-path\fR=\fIMOUNTPATH\fR,...]

Mounts empty tmpfs into container at MOUNTPATH.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmount\-path\fR
Path on container to mount to. Mount paths with spaces and commas (and other
special characters) are not supported by this command.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-container\-mounts\fR=[\fIMOUNTPATH\fR[,\fIMOUNTPATH\fR,...],...]

Removes volume mounts (\f5host\-path\fR, \f5tmpfs\fR, \f5disk\fR) with
\f5mountPath: MOUNTPATH\fR from container declaration.

Does nothing, if a volume mount is not declared.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To run the gcr.io/google\-containers/busybox image on an instance named
\'instance\-1' that executes 'echo "Hello world"' as a run command, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances update\-container instance\-1        \e
     \-\-container\-image=gcr.io/google\-containers/busybox         \e
    \-\-container\-command='echo "Hello world"'
.RE

To run the gcr.io/google\-containers/busybox image in privileged mode, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances update\-container instance\-1        \e
     \-\-container\-image=gcr.io/google\-containers/busybox         \e
    \-\-container\-privileged
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances update\-container
$ gcloud alpha compute instances update\-container
.RE

