
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_DEVICES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot devices list \- list devices



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot devices list\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-device\-ids\fR=[[\fIID\fR,...],...]] [\fB\-\-device\-num\-ids\fR=[[\fINUM_ID\fR,...],...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List devices.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry in which to show devices. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [\-\-registry] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-ids\fR=[[\fIID\fR,...],...]
If given, show only devices with one of the provided IDs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-num\-ids\fR=[[\fINUM_ID\fR,...],...]
If given, show only devices with one of the provided numerical IDs.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices list
$ gcloud alpha iot devices list
.RE

