
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-MACHINE\-TYPE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances set\-machine\-type \- set machine type for Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances set\-machine\-type\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \f5\fIgcloud alpha compute instances set\-machine\-type\fR\fR
allows you to change the machine type of a virtual machine in the
\fBTERMINATED\fR state (that is, a virtual machine instance that has been
stopped).

For example, if \f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR is a \f5\fIg1\-small\fR\fR virtual
machine currently in the \fBTERMINATED\fR state, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances set\-machine\-type example\-instance \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-b \-\-machine\-type n1\-standard\-4
.RE

will change the machine type to \f5\fIn1\-standard\-4\fR\fR, so that when you
next start \f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR, it will be provisioned as an
\f5\fIn1\-standard\-4\fR\fR instead of a \f5\fIg1\-small\fR\fR.

See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine\-types for more information on
machine types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
Specifies the machine type used for the instances. To get a list of available
machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. Either this flag,
\-\-custom\-cpu, or \-\-custom\-memory must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Custom machine type extensions.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the custom machine
type. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the custom machine
type. A size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MB or 9GB) \- if no units are
specified, GB is assumed. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR
Use the extended custom machine type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR
Specifies VM type. n1 \- VMs with CPU platforms Skylake and older, n2 \- VMs
with CPU platform Cascade Lake. n2 offers flexible sizing from 2 to 80 vCPUs,
and 1 to 640GBs of memory. It also features a number of performance enhancements
including exposing a more accurate NUMA topology to the guest OS. The default is
\f5n1\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances set\-machine\-type
$ gcloud beta compute instances set\-machine\-type
.RE

