
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc operations describe \- describe a Cloud SCC's long running scan operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud SCC's long running scan operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Cloud SCC's API operation to describe. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
(Optional) If the full resource name isn't provided e.g. organizations/123, then
provide the organization id which is the suffix of the organization. Example:
organizations/123, the id is 123.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Return long running scan operation status for operation id
(9c5fa5e5\-e368\-439a\-baa4\-08c17b77ec23) and organization 123456. Operation id
is obtained using run\-discovery command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc operations describe \e
    9c5fa5e5\-e368\-439a\-baa4\-08c17b77ec23 \-\-organization=123456
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

