
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI_ENDPOINTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai endpoints create \- create a new AI Platform endpoint



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai endpoints create\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new AI Platform endpoint.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Display name of the endpoint.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

Region resource \- Cloud region to create endpoint. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-region] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[ai/region] with a fully specified name; region with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
ID of the region or fully qualified identifier for the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai endpoints create
.RE

