
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters and jobs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud dataproc command group lets you create and manage Google
Cloud Dataproc clusters and jobs.

Cloud Dataproc is an Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Apache Pig, and Apache Hive
service. It easily processes big datasets at low cost, creating managed clusters
of any size that scale down once processing is complete.

More information on Cloud Dataproc can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to create and manage clusters, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters
.RE

To see how to submit and manage jobs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs
.RE



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBautoscaling\-policies\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc autoscaling policies.

.TP 2m
\fBclusters\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations.

.TP 2m
\fBworkflow\-templates\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc workflow templates.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc
$ gcloud alpha dataproc
.RE

