
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ACCELERATOR\-TYPES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute accelerator\-types describe \- describe Google Compute Engine accelerator types



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute accelerator\-types describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute accelerator\-types describe\fR displays
all data associated with a Google Compute Engine accelerator type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the accelerator type to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the accelerator type to describe. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute accelerator\-types describe
$ gcloud beta compute accelerator\-types describe
.RE

