
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_IMAGES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute images import \- import an image into Compute Engine



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute images import\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-data\-disk\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR) (\fB\-\-source\-file\fR=\fISOURCE_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-image\fR=\fISOURCE_IMAGE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-family\fR=\fIFAMILY\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-guest\-environment\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fISTORAGE_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="2h"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute images import\fR imports Virtual Disk images, such as VMWare
VMDK files and VHD files, into Compute Engine.

Importing images involves three steps:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Upload the virtual disk file to Cloud Storage.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Import the image to Compute Engine.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Translate the image to make a bootable image.
.RE
.sp
This command performs all three of these steps as required, depending on the
input arguments specified.

This command uses the \f5\-\-os\fR flag to choose the appropriate translation.
You can omit the translation step using the \f5\-\-data\-disk\fR flag.

If you exported your disk from Compute Engine then you don't need to re\-import
it. Instead, use \f5gcloud compute images create\fR to create more images from
the disk.

Files stored on Cloud Storage and images in Compute Engine incur charges. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/importing\-virtual\-disks#resource_cleanup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
Name of the disk image to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-disk\fR
Specifies that the disk has no bootable OS installed on it. Imports the disk
without making it bootable or installing Google tools on it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR
Specifies the OS of the disk image being imported. \fIOS\fR must be one of:
\fBcentos\-6\fR, \fBcentos\-7\fR, \fBdebian\-8\fR, \fBdebian\-9\fR,
\fBrhel\-6\fR, \fBrhel\-6\-byol\fR, \fBrhel\-7\fR, \fBrhel\-7\-byol\fR,
\fBubuntu\-1404\fR, \fBubuntu\-1604\fR, \fBubuntu\-1804\fR,
\fBwindows\-10\-x64\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-10\-x86\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-2008r2\fR, \fBwindows\-2008r2\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-2012\fR,
\fBwindows\-2012\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-2012r2\fR, \fBwindows\-2012r2\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-2016\fR, \fBwindows\-2016\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-2019\fR,
\fBwindows\-2019\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-7\-x64\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-7\-x86\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-8\-x64\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-8\-x86\-byol\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-file\fR=\fISOURCE_FILE\fR
A local file, or the Cloud Storage URI of the virtual disk file to import. For
example: \f5\fIgs://my\-bucket/my\-image.vmdk\fR\fR or
\f5\fI./my\-local\-image.vmdk\fR\fR

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-image\fR=\fISOURCE_IMAGE\fR
An existing Compute Engine image from which to import.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description to set for the imported image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-family\fR=\fIFAMILY\fR
Family to set for the imported image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-guest\-environment\fR
Installs the guest environment on the image. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/guest\-environment. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-guest\-environment\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR
Directory in Cloud Storage to hold build logs. If not set, \f5gs://<project
num>.cloudbuild\-logs.googleusercontent.com/\fR is created and used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Name of the network in your project to use for the image import. The network
must have access to Cloud Storage. If not specified, the network named
\f5default\fR is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fISTORAGE_LOCATION\fR
Specifies a Cloud Storage location, either regional or multi\-regional, where
image content is to be stored. If not specified, the multi\-region location
closest to the source is chosen automatically.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Name of the subnetwork in your project to use for the image import. If the
network resource is in legacy mode, do not provide this property. If the network
is in auto subnet mode, providing the subnetwork is optional. If the network is
in custom subnet mode, then this field should be specified. Region or zone
should be specified if this field is specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="2h"
Maximum time a build can last before it fails as "TIMEOUT". For example,
specifying \f52h\fR fails the process after 2 hours. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information about duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the image to import. The zone in which to do the work of importing the
image. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import a centos\-7 VMDK file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images import myimage\-name \-\-os=centos\-7 \e
    \-\-source\-file=mysourcefile
.RE

To import a data disk without operating system, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images import myimage\-name \-\-data\-disk \e
    \-\-source\-file=mysourcefile
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images import
$ gcloud beta compute images import
.RE

