
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed create \- create a Compute Engine managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR]] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed create\fR creates a
Compute Engine managed instance group.

For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed create \e
example\-managed\-instance\-group \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
\-\-template example\-instance\-template \-\-size 1
.RE

will create one managed instance group called
\'example\-managed\-instance\-group' in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
The initial number of instances you want in this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Specifies the instance template to use when creating new instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR
The base name to use for the Compute Engine instances that will be created with
the managed instance group. If not provided base instance name will be the
prefix of instance group name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description for this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR
Specifies the length of time during which the instance is known to be
initializing and should not be autohealed even if unhealthy. This value cannot
be greater than 1 hour. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Specifies the type of the instance redistribution policy. An instance
redistribution type lets you enable or disable automatic instance redistribution
across zones to meet the target distribution. The target distribution is a state
of a regional managed instance group where all instances are spread out evenly
across all target zones.

An instance redistribution type can be specified only for a non\-autoscaled
regional managed instance group. By default it is set to PROACTIVE.

The following types are available:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
NONE \- The managed instance group does not redistribute instances across zones.

.IP "\(em" 2m
PROACTIVE \- The managed instance group proactively redistributes instances to
meet its target distribution.

.RE
.RE
.sp
\fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBNONE\fR, \fBPROACTIVE\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR]
Disks considered stateful by the instance group. Managed instance groups
preserve and reattach stateful disks on VM autohealing, update, and recreate
events.

Use this argument multiple times to attach more disks.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
(Requied) Device name of the disk to mark stateful.

.TP 2m
\fBauto\-delete\fR
(Optional) Specifies the auto deletion policy of the stateful disk. Supported
values are \f5\fInever\fR\fR (never delete this disk) and
\f5\fIon\-permanent\-instance\-deletion\fR\fR (delete the stateful disk when the
given instance is permanently deleted from the instance group; for example when
the group is resized down). If omitted, \f5\fInever\fR\fR is used as the
default.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]
Specifies any target pools you want the instances of this managed instance group
to be part of.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
If this flag is specified a regional managed instance group will be created. The
managed instance group will be in the same region as specified zones and will
spread instances in it between specified zones.

All zones must belong to the same region. You may specify \-\-region flag but it
must be the region to which zones belong. This flag is mutually exclusive with
\-\-zone flag.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
Name of the health check to operate on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTP health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTPS health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpsHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE


.RE
.RE
.sp
If you specify \f5\-\-zones\fR flag this flag must be unspecified or specify the
region to which the zones you listed belong.

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed create
.RE

