
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_SSL\-CERTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql ssl\-certs describe \- retrieves information about an SSL cert for a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql ssl\-certs describe\fR \fICOMMON_NAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Retrieves information about an SSL cert for a
Cloud SQL instance.

\f5gcloud sql ssl\-certs\fR is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud sql ssl
client\-certs\fR instead.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICOMMON_NAME\fR
User supplied name. Constrained to \f5[a\-zA\-Z.\-_ ]+\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql ssl\-certs describe
$ gcloud beta sql ssl\-certs describe
.RE

