
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRY\-GROUPS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups describe \- describe a Cloud Data Catalog entry group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups describe\fR (\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry group resource \- Entry group to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [entry_group] on the command line with
a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
ID of the entry group or fully qualified identifier for the entry group. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry group.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an entry group for some data, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups describe group1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entry\-groups describe
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entry\-groups describe
.RE

