
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_CLUSTERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers clusters describe \- describe a Game Server Cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers clusters describe\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Game Server Cluster.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe Game Server Cluster 'my\-cluster' in project 'my\-project', realm
\'my\-realm', and location 'my\-location', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers clusters describe my\-cluster \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-realm=my\-realm \-\-location=my\-location
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Game server cluster resource \- Cloud Game Server Cluster to describe. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the game server cluster or fully qualified identifier for the game server
cluster. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR
Cloud Game Servers Realm.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters describe
.RE

