
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_HIVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit hive \- submit a Hive job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit hive\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR (\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Submit a Hive job to a cluster.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
A Hive query to execute as part of the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
HCFS URI of file containing Hive script to execute as the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Does not wait for the job to run.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
Whether to continue if a single query fails.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the Hive and MR. May contain
UDFs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR
Specifies maximum number of times a job can be restarted in event of failure.
Expressed as a per\-hour rate. Default is 0 (no failure retries).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to set variables in the Hive queries.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to configure Hive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Hive job with a local script, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit hive \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-file my_queries.q
.RE

To submit a Hive job with inline queries, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit hive \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-e \e
    "CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE foo(bar int) LOCATION\e
 'gs://my_bucket/'" \-e "SELECT * FROM foo WHERE bar > 2"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit hive
.RE

