
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta service\-directory locations describe \- describe a location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta service\-directory locations describe\fR \fILOCATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a location.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- The Service Directory location to describe. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [location] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILOCATION\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a Service Directory location, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory locations describe location us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory locations describe
.RE

