
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAM_WORKLOAD\-IDENTITY\-POOLS_PROVIDERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools providers \- manage IAM WorkloadIdentityPoolProviders



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools providers\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Commands for managing IAM WorkloadIdentityPoolProviders.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage IAM WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider long running operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-aws\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new AWS WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-oidc\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new OIDC WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List WorkloadIdentityPoolProviders.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Undelete a WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-aws\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an AWS WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-oidc\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an OIDC WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools providers
.RE

