
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILD\-ARTIFACTS_REPOSITORIES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Build Artifacts repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIREPOSITORY\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy associated with a Cloud Build Artifacts
repository.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The repository specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given repository's IAM
policies.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- Name of the Cloud Build Artifacts repository. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [repository] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbuildartifacts/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/build\-artifacts



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the IAM policy for \f5my\-repository\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories set\-iam\-policy my\-repo \e
    policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

