
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BUILDS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta builds list \- list builds



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta builds list\fR [\fB\-\-ongoing\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default=50] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=20] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List builds.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ongoing\fR
Only list builds that are currently QUEUED or WORKING.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the Cloud Build Service to use. Must be set to us\-central\-1. If
unset, the global service is used. The global service is isolated from all
regional services.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default=50
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fB50\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=20
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB20\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all completed builds in the current project:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds list
.RE

To list all builds in the current project in QUEUED or WORKING status.:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds list \-\-ongoing
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud builds list
$ gcloud alpha builds list
.RE

