
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_VERSIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine versions \- cloud ML Engine Versions commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine versions\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR A version is an implementation of a model, represented as a
serialized TensorFlow graph with trained parameters.

When you communicate with Cloud ML Engine services, you use the combination of
the model, version, and current project to identify a specific model
implementation that is deployed in the cloud.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new Cloud ML Engine version.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an existing Cloud ML Engine version.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an existing Cloud ML Engine version.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List existing Cloud ML Engine versions.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-default\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Sets an existing Cloud ML Engine version as the default for its
model.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud ML Engine model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine versions
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions
.RE

