
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_DENY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies deny \- add values to an Organization Policy denied_values list policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies deny\fR \fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR \fIDENIED_VALUE\fR [\fIDENIED_VALUE\fR\ ...] (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Adds one or more values to the specified Organization Policy
denied_values list policy associated with the specified resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR
The Org Policy constraint name.

.TP 2m
\fIDENIED_VALUE\fR [\fIDENIED_VALUE\fR ...]
The values to add to the denied_values list policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the organization policy. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command adds \f5devEnv\fR and \f5prodEnv\fR to an Organization
Policy denied_values list policy for constraint \f5serviceuser.services\fR on
project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies deny \e
    serviceuser.services \-\-project=foo\-project devEnv prodEnv
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies deny
.RE

