
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_PRESTO" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit presto \- submit a Presto job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit presto\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR (\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-client\-tags\fR=[\fICLIENT_TAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-query\-output\-format\fR=\fIQUERY_OUTPUT_FORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Submit a Presto job to a cluster



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
A Presto query to execute.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
HCFS URI of file containing the Presto script to execute.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-client\-tags\fR=[\fICLIENT_TAG\fR,...]
A list of Presto client tags to attach to this query.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
Whether to continue if a query fails.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
A list of package\-to\-log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR
Specifies maximum number of times a job can be restarted in event of failure.
Expressed as a per\-hour rate. Default is 0 (no failure retries).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to set Presto session properties.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\-output\-format\fR=\fIQUERY_OUTPUT_FORMAT\fR
The query output display format. See the Presto documentation for supported
output formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Presto job with a local script, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit presto \-\-cluster=my_cluster \e
    \-\-file=my_script.R
.RE

To submit a Presto job with inline queries, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit presto \-\-cluster=my_cluster \e
    \-e="SELECT * FROM foo WHERE bar > 2"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit presto
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit presto
.RE

