
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATASTORE_INDEXES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta datastore indexes describe \- show details about an Cloud Datastore index



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta datastore indexes describe\fR \fIINDEX\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about an Cloud Datastore index.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Index resource \- The index you want to get the details of. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[index] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
ID of the index or fully qualified identifier for the index.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatastore/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datastore/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore indexes describe
$ gcloud alpha datastore indexes describe
.RE

