
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_DAGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments storage dags delete \- delete DAG files from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments storage dags delete\fR [\fITARGET\fR] (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete DAG files from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud
Storage bucket.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fITARGET\fR]
A relative path to a file or subdirectory to delete within the dags Cloud
Storage subdirectory. If not specified, the entire contents of the dags
subdirectory will be deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment whose DAGs to delete. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-environment] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments storage dags delete
$ gcloud beta composer environments storage dags delete
.RE

