
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VIDEO_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml video operations describe \- get description of a long\-running video analysis operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml video operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get information about a long\-running video analysis operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The ID of the operation to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvideointelligence/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/video\-intelligence/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get information about a long\-running operation with name
\'projects/my\-project/locations/us\-east1/operations/123', run the following
command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml video operations describe \e
    projects/my\-project/locations/us\-east1/operations/123
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml video operations describe
$ gcloud beta ml video operations describe
.RE

