
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATASTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha datastore \- manage your Cloud Datastore resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha datastore\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud Datastore is a highly\-scalable NoSQL database for your
applications. Cloud Datastore automatically handles sharding and replication,
providing you with a highly available and durable database that scales
automatically to handle your applications' load.

More information on Cloud Datastore can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/datastore and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/datastore/docs

export \-\- Export data to Google Cloud Storage

import \-\- Import data from Google Cloud Storage

indexes \-\- Manage your Cloud Firestore indexes.

operations \-\- Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Firestore.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdatabases\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Creation of Cloud Firestore in Native mode Database.

.TP 2m
\fBindexes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud Datastore indexes.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Datastore.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export Cloud Datastore entities to Google Cloud Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import Cloud Datastore entities from Google Cloud Storage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore
$ gcloud beta datastore
.RE

