
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns record\-sets export \- export your record\-sets into a file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns record\-sets export\fR \fIRECORDS_FILE\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\-file\-format\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command exports the record\-sets contained within the
specified managed\-zone into a file. The formats you can export to are YAML
records format (default) and BIND zone file format.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRECORDS_FILE\fR
File to which record\-sets should be exported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\-file\-format\fR
Indicates that records\-file should be in the zone file format. When using this
flag, expect the record\-set to be exported to a BIND zone formatted file. If
you omit this flag, the record\-set is exported into a YAML formatted records
file. Note, this format flag determines the format of the output recorded in the
records\-file; it is different from the global \f5\-\-format\fR flag which
affects console output alone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export record\-sets into a yaml file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets export records.yaml \e
    \-\-zone=examplezonename
.RE

To export record\-sets into a BIND zone formatted file instead, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets export pathto.zonefile \e
    \-\-zone=examplezonename \-\-zone\-file\-format
.RE

Similarly, to import record\-sets into a BIND zone formatted zone file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets import pathto.zonefile \-\-zone\-file\-format \e
  \-\-zone=examplezonename
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets export
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets export
.RE

