
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VIDEO" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml video \- cloud ML Video\-Intelligence command groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml video\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud ML Video\-Intelligence command groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Command group for working with Cloud Video Intelligence
operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-explicit\-content\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect explicit content in videos.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect general labels for videos.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-object\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect and track objects in a video.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-shot\-changes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect shot changes in videos.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-text\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect text in videos.

.TP 2m
\fBtranscribe\-speech\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Transcribe speech in a video.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml video
$ gcloud beta ml video
.RE

