
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYRINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keyrings \- create and manage keyrings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keyrings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A keyring is a toplevel logical grouping of keys.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get metadata for a keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List keyrings within a location.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a policy binding from a keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a keyring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keyrings
$ gcloud beta kms keyrings
.RE

