
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts operations describe \- describe an Artifact Registry operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Artifact Registry operation given the operation id.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The operation specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given operation.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The Artifact Registry operation to describe. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the operation. Overrides the default artifacts/location property
value for this command invocation. To configure the default location, use the
command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBartifactregistry/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command describes an operation with id
\f506d2817d\-6566\-47c3\-88a0\-295ef51eb434\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts operations describe \e
    06d2817d\-6566\-47c3\-88a0\-295ef51eb434
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts operations describe
.RE

