
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_LIST\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list\-instances \- list instances present in the instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list\-instances\fR list
instances in an instance group.

The required permission to execute this command is
\f5compute.instanceGroups.list\fR. If needed, you can include this permission,
or choose any of the following preexisting IAM roles that contain this
particular permission:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Compute Admin
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Compute Viewer
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Compute Instance Admin (v1)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Compute Instance Admin (beta)
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Compute Network Admin
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Compute Network Viewer
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Editor
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Owner
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Security Reviewer
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Viewer
.RE
.sp

For more information regarding permissions required by instance groups, refer to
Compute Engine's access control guide :
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/access/iam\-permissions#instancegroups_collection.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
A regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names that do
not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups list\-instances
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups list\-instances
.RE

