
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIJOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Sets the IAM policy for a job, given a job ID and the policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The ID of the job to set the policy on. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the job. Each Dataproc region constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute Engine zones
inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value
for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file.RS 2m
'policy.json' and set it for a job with identifier 'example\-job'

.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy example\-job policy.json
.RE


.RS 2m
See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details
of the policy file format and contents.
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy
.RE

