
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates import \- import a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates import\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR If the specified template resource already exists, it will be
overwritten. Otherwise, a new template will be created. To edit an existing
template, you can export the template to a file, edit its configuration, and
then import the new configuration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to import. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [TEMPLATE] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
The ID of the template or a fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud DataProc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
The path to a YAML file containing a Dataproc WorkflowTemplate resource. The
provided YAML file must not contain id, version, or any output\-only fields.
Alternatively, you may omit this flag to read from the standard input. For more
information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/reference/rest/v1beta2/projects.locations.workflowTemplates#WorkflowTemplate


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

