
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUN_SERVICES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta run services update \- update Cloud Run environment variables and other configuration settings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta run services update\fR [[\fISERVICE\fR]\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-concurrency\fR=\fICONCURRENCY\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_INSTANCES\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-env\-vars\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-update\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-connectivity\fR=\fICONNECTIVITY\fR\ \fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR] [\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-add\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-cloudsql\-instances\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update Cloud Run environment variables and other configuration
settings.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- Service to update the configuration of. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISERVICE\fR]
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on GKE: Kubernetes namespace for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-concurrency\fR=\fICONCURRENCY\fR
Set the number of concurrent requests allowed per container instance. A
concurrency of 0 or unspecified indicates any number of concurrent requests are
allowed. To unset this field, provide the special value \f5default\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_INSTANCES\fR
The maximum number of container instances of the Service to run or 'default' to
remove any maximum.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR
Set a memory limit. Ex: 1Gi, 512Mi.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Kubernetes Engine. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR
and \f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
Set the maximum request execution time (timeout). It is specified as a duration;
for example, "10m5s" is ten minutes, and five seconds. If you don't specify a
unit, seconds is assumed. For example, "10" is 10 seconds.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-env\-vars\fR
Remove all environment variables.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as environment variables. All existing
environment variables will be removed first.

.TP 2m

Only \-\-update\-env\-vars and \-\-remove\-env\-vars can be used together. If
both are specified, \-\-remove\-env\-vars will be applied first.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of environment variables to be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as environment variables.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

An alias to \-\-update\-labels.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on GKE. Specify
\'\-\-platform=gke' to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on GKE or Cloud
Run for Anthos deployed on VMware. Specify '\-\-platform=gke' or
\'\-\-platform=kubernetes' to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-connectivity\fR=\fICONNECTIVITY\fR
Defaults to 'external'. If 'external', the service can be invoked through the
internet, in addition to through the cluster network. \fICONNECTIVITY\fR must be
one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexternal\fR
Visible from outside the cluster.
.TP 2m
\fBinternal\fR
Visible only within the cluster.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR
Set a CPU limit in Kubernetes cpu units. Ex: .5, 500m, 2.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify '\-\-platform=kubernetes' to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\'\-\-platform=managed' to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
Email address of the IAM service account associated with the revision of the
service. The service account represents the identity of the running revision,
and determines what permissions the revision has. If not provided, the revision
will use the project's default service account.

.TP 2m

These flags modify the Cloud SQL instances this Service connects to. You can
specify a name of a Cloud SQL instance if it's in the same project and region as
your Cloud Run service; otherwise specify <project>:<region>:<instance> for the
instance. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-cloudsql\-instances\fR
Empty the current Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]
Completely replace the current Cloud SQL instances with the given values.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update one or more env vars:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services update myservice \e
  \-\-update\-env\-vars KEY1=VALUE1,KEY2=VALUE2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run services update
.RE

