
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_UPDATE_HTTP2" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute health\-checks update http2 \- update a HTTP2 health check



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute health\-checks update http2\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR] [\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR\ \fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-use\-serving\-port\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute health\-checks update http2\fR is used to
update an existing HTTP2 health check. Only arguments passed in will be updated
on the health check. Other attributes will remain unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the HTTP2 health check to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the HTTP2 health check. Pass in an empty string to
unset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
Enable logging of health check probe results to Stackdriver. Logging is disabled
by default.

.RS 2m
Use \-\-no\-enable\-logging to disable logging.
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
The value of the host header used in this HTTP health check request. The host
header is empty by default. When empty, the health check will set the host
header to the IP address of the backend VM or endpoint. You can set the host
header to an empty value to return to this default behavior.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR
The request path that this health check monitors. For example,
\f5\fI/healthcheck\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
When empty, status code of the response determines health. When not empty,
presence of specified string in first 1024 characters of response body
determines health. Only ASCII characters allowed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. See $
gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the HTTP2 health check is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the HTTP2 health check to update. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags configure the port that the health check monitors. If both
\f5\-\-port\fR and \f5\-\-port\-name\fR are specified, \f5\-\-port\fR takes
precedence.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The TCP port number that this health check monitors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.
Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing port\-name value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-serving\-port\fR
If given, use the "serving port" for health checks:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
When health checking network endpoints in a Network Endpoint Group, use the port
specified with each endpoint. \f5\-\-use\-serving\-port\fR must be used when
using a Network Endpoint Group as a backend as this flag specifies the
\f5portSpecification\fR option for a Health Check object.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
When health checking other backends, use the port or named port of the backend
service.
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update health check interval to 10s, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute health\-checks update http2 \e
    my\-health\-check\-name \-\-check\-interval=10s
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute health\-checks update http2
$ gcloud beta compute health\-checks update http2
.RE

