
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects delete \- delete a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects delete\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes the project with the given project ID.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The project specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have Owner permissions for the given project.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
ID for the project you want to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes the project with the ID
\f5example\-foo\-bar\-1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects delete example\-foo\-bar\-1
.RE



.SH "SEE ALSO"

See https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6251787 for information on creating
or deleting projects from the Google Cloud Platform Console.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects delete
$ gcloud beta projects delete
.RE

