
.TH "GCLOUD_IDENTITY_GROUPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud identity groups update \- update a group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud identity groups update\fR \fIEMAIL\fR [\fB\-\-clear\-description\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-display\-name\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIEMAIL\fR
The email address of the group to be updated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-description\fR
Clear existing description on group being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Replace existing description on group being updated.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-display\-name\fR
Clear existing display name on group being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Replace existing display name on group being updated.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups update eng\-discuss@foo.com  \e
    \-\-display\-name="New Engineer Discuss"  \e
    \-\-description="Group for engineering discussions"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups update
$ gcloud beta identity groups update
.RE

