
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI_ENDPOINTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai endpoints \- AI Platform endpoint commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai endpoints\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR An endpoint contains one or more deployed models, all of which
must have the same interface but may come from different models. An endpoint is
to obtain online prediction and explanation from one of its deployed models.

When you communicate with AI Platform services, you identify a specific endpoint
that is deployed in the cloud using a combination of the current project, the
region, and the endpoint.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new AI Platform endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing AI Platform endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\-model\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploy a model to an existing AI Platform endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing AI Platform endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing AI Platform endpoints.

.TP 2m
\fBpredict\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run AI Platform online prediction.

.TP 2m
\fBundeploy\-model\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undeploy a model from an existing AI Platform endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing AI Platform endpoint.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ai endpoints
.RE

