
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_ASYMMETRIC\-DECRYPT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms asymmetric\-decrypt \- decrypt an input file using an asymmetric\-encryption key version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms asymmetric\-decrypt\fR \fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR \fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Decrypts the given ciphertext file using the provided
asymmetric\-encryption key version and saves the decrypted data to the plaintext
file.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR
File path of the ciphertext file to decrypt.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR
File path of the plaintext file to output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
to use for asymmetric\-decryption.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Version to use for asymmetric\-decryption.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read the file '/tmp/my/secret.file.enc', decrypt it
using the asymmetric CryptoKey \f5dont\-panic\fR Version 3 and write the
plaintext to '/tmp/my/secret.file.dec'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms asymmetric\-decrypt \e
\-\-location=us\-central1 \e
\-\-keyring=hitchhiker \e
\-\-key=dont\-panic \e
\-\-version=3 \e
\-\-ciphertext\-file=/tmp/my/secret.file.enc \e
\-\-plaintext\-file=/tmp/my/secret.file.dec
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms asymmetric\-decrypt
$ gcloud beta kms asymmetric\-decrypt
.RE

