
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ADD\-TAGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances add\-tags \- add tags to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances add\-tags\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances add\-tags\fR is used to add tags to Google Compute
Engine virtual machine instances.

Tags can be used to identify the instances when adding network firewall rules.
Tags can also be used to get firewall rules that already exist to be applied to
the instance. See \fBgcloud compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more
details.

To list instances with their respective status and tags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format="table(name,status,tags.list())"
.RE

To list instances tagged with a specific tag, \f5tag1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags:tag1'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to set tags on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies strings to be attached to the instance for later identifying the
instance when adding network firewall rules. Multiple tags can be attached by
repeating this flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to set tags on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add tags \f5\fItag\-1\fR\fR and \f5\fItag\-2\fR\fR to an instance named
\f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances add\-tags test\-instance \-\-tags=tag\-1,tag\-2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances add\-tags
$ gcloud beta compute instances add\-tags
.RE

