
.TH "GCLOUD_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud resource\-manager folders add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a folder



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud resource\-manager folders add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIFOLDER\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a folder, given a folder ID and the
binding.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Folder resource \- The ID of the folder to add the IAM binding. This represents
a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFOLDER\fR
ID of the folder or fully qualified identifier for the folder.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudresourcemanager/v2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the folder 'folder\-id', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager folders add\-iam\-policy\-binding folder\-id \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager folders add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

