
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_TRANSACTION" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction \- make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR;\ default="transaction.yaml"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR; default="transaction.yaml"
Path of the file which contains the transaction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBabort\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Abort transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Append a record\-set addition to the transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe the transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBexecute\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Execute the transaction on Cloud DNS.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Append a record\-set deletion to the transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Start a transaction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction start \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To append a record\-set addition to the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction add \e
    \-\-name RECORD_SET_NAME \-\-ttl TTL \-\-type TYPE DATA \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To append a record\-set removal to the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction remove \e
    \-\-name RECORD_SET_NAME \-\-ttl TTL \-\-type TYPE DATA
.RE

To look at the details of the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction describe \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To delete the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction abort \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To execute the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction execute \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction
.RE

