
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_BACKUPS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable backups delete \- delete an existing backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable backups delete\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an existing backup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- Cloud Bigtable backup to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a backup, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta bigtable backups delete BACKUP_NAME \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME \-\-cluster=CLUSTER_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable backups delete
$ gcloud alpha bigtable backups delete
.RE

