
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_DNS\-KEYS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns dns\-keys list \- list DNS key resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns dns\-keys list\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List DNS key resources in a managed zone.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the managed\-zone you want to list DNSKEY records for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all DNS key resources for a managed zone \f5my_zone\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns dns\-keys list \-\-zone my_zone
.RE

To see the DS records for every key\-signing DnsKey in a managed zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns dns\-keys list \-\-zone my_zone 3 \e
    \-\-format 'value(ds_record())'               \e
    \-\-filter 'type=keySigning'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns dns\-keys list
.RE

