
.TH "GCLOUD_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud active\-directory domains describe \- describe a Managed Microsoft AD domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud active\-directory domains describe\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Show metadata for a Managed Microsoft AD domain.

Displays all metadata associated with a Active Directory domain given a valid AD
domain fully\-qualified domain name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The domain specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given domain.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to describe.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command prints metadata for an AD domain with the name
\f5my\-domain.com\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud active\-directory domains describe my\-domain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains describe
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains describe
.RE

