
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ENDPOINTS_SERVICES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The service for which to add IAM policy binding to. This
represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBservicemanagement/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/service\-management/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
with service 'my\-service', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-service \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' to the service account
\'test\-proj1@example.domain.com', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' for all authenticated users on a
service with identifier 'my\-service', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-service \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

