
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPE\-PROVIDERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers update \- update a type provider



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers update\fR \fIPROVIDER_NAME\fR \fB\-\-descriptor\-url\fR=\fIDESCRIPTOR_URL\fR [\fB\-\-api\-options\-file\fR=\fIAPI_OPTIONS_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command updates a type provider.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROVIDER_NAME\fR
Type provider name or URI.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-descriptor\-url\fR=\fIDESCRIPTOR_URL\fR
URL of API of your type.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\-options\-file\fR=\fIAPI_OPTIONS_FILE\fR
YAML file with options for the API: e.g. options and collection overrides.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Optional description of the type provider.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a type provider, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers update \e
    my\-type\-provider \-\-api\-options=my\-options.yaml \e
    \-\-descriptor\-url <descriptor URL> \-\-description "My type."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers update
.RE

