
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_NATS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute routers nats \- list, create, describe and delete Google Compute Engine NATs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute routers nats\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, describe and delete Google Compute Engine NATs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a NAT to a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a NAT from a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a NAT in a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists the NATs on a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a NAT on a Google Compute Engine router.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers nats
$ gcloud beta compute routers nats
.RE

