
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_TABLES_SHOW\-ROWS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq tables show\-rows \- display selected rows in a specified table or view



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq tables show\-rows\fR (\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR) [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default=100] [\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display selected rows in a specified table or view.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The BigQuery table you want to fetch rows from. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-table] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default=100
How many rows to return in the result.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR
First row to return in the result.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command displays 150 rows of \f5my\-table\fR in \f5my\-dataset\fR
starting from row 10:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables show\-rows  \e
    \-\-table \e
    /projects/myproject/datasets/my\-dataset/tables/my\-table \e
    \-\-limit 150 \-\-start 10
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

