
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_TABLES_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables restore \- restore a Cloud Bigtable backup to a new table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables restore\fR (\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-destination\-instance\fR=\fIDESTINATION_INSTANCE\fR) (\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-source\-cluster\fR=\fISOURCE_CLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command restores a Cloud Bigtable backup to a new table in
the same instance.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The destination to copy to. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-destination] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-instance\fR=\fIDESTINATION_INSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- The source to copy from. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-source] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-cluster\fR=\fISOURCE_CLUSTER\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To restore table 'table2' from backup 'backup1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables restore \e
    \-\-source\-instance=instance1 \-\-source\-cluster=cluster1 \e
    \-\-source=backup1 \-\-destination\-instance=instance1 \e
    \-\-destination=table2
.RE

To restore table 'table2' from backup 'backup1' using relative names, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables restore \e
    \-\-source=projects/project1/instances/instance1/clusters/\e
cluster1/backups/backup1 \e
    \-\-destination=projects/project1/instances/instance1/tables/\e
table2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances tables restore
$ gcloud beta bigtable instances tables restore
.RE

