
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_DEPLOYMENTS_FETCH\-STATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers deployments fetch\-state \- fetches the state of a Deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers deployments fetch\-state\fR (\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Fetches a Cloud Game Server Deployment State from all clusters.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To fetch the deployment state for Game Server Deployment 'my\-deployment' in
project 'my\-project' and location 'global'(deployments only support the
\'global' location), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers deployments fetch\-state my\-deployment \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-location=global
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Deployment resource \- Cloud Game Server Deployment State to fetch. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [deployment] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the deployment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers deployments fetch\-state
.RE

