
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VIDEO_DETECT\-EXPLICIT\-CONTENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml video detect\-explicit\-content \- detect explicit content in videos



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml video detect\-explicit\-content\fR \fIINPUT_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-uri\fR=\fIOUTPUT_URI\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-segments\fR=[\fISEGMENTS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Detect adult content within a video. Adult content is content
generally appropriate for 18 years of age and older, including but not limited
to nudity, sexual activities, and pornography (including cartoons or anime).

The response includes a bucketized likelihood value, from VERY_UNLIKELY to
VERY_LIKELY. When Explicit Content Detection evaluates a video, it does so on a
per\-frame basis and considers visual content only (not audio).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINPUT_PATH\fR
Path to the video to be analyzed. Must be a local path or a Google Cloud Storage
URI.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-uri\fR=\fIOUTPUT_URI\fR
Location to which the results should be written. Must be a Google Cloud Storage
URI.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Optional Cloud region where annotation should take place. If no region is
specified, a region will be determined based on video file location.
\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west1\fR,
\fBus\-east1\fR, \fBus\-west1\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-segments\fR=[\fISEGMENTS\fR,...]
Segments from the video which you want to analyze (by default, the entire video
will be treated as one segment). Must be in the format
START1:END1[,START2:END2,...] (inclusive). START and END of segments must be a
properly formatted duration string of the form \f5HhMmSs\fR where:

.RS 2m
*  H is the number of hours from beginning of video
*  M is the number of minutes from the beginning of video
*  S is the number of seconds from the beginning of the video
.RE

H, M and S can be specified as ints or floats for fractional units (to
microsecond resolution). Unit chars (e.g. \f5h\fR, \f5m\fR or \f5s\fR) are
required. Microseconds can be specified using fractional seconds e.g. 0.000569s
== 569 microseconds.

Examples:

0s:23.554048s,24s:29.528064s

0:1m40s,3m50s:5m10.232265s


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvideointelligence/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/video\-intelligence/docs/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml video detect\-explicit\-content
$ gcloud alpha ml video detect\-explicit\-content
.RE

