
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_BULK_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances bulk create \- create multiple Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances bulk create\fR \fB\-\-predefined\-names\fR=[\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR,...] (\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]] [\fB\-\-no\-address\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-boot\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-device\-name\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_DEVICE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR] [\fB\-\-confidential\-compute\fR] [\fB\-\-count\fR=\fICOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-create\-disk\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-deletion\-protection\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-display\-device\fR] [\fB\-\-erase\-windows\-vss\-signature\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[...]] [\fB\-\-min\-count\fR=\fIMIN_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-node\-cpu\fR=\fIMIN_NODE_CPU\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-post\-key\-revocation\-action\-type\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-preemptible\fR] [\fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-shielded\-integrity\-monitoring\fR] [\fB\-\-shielded\-secure\-boot\fR] [\fB\-\-shielded\-vtpm\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-instance\-template\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR\ \fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-on\-host\-maintenance\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-public\-dns\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-public\-dns\fR] [\fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR\ \fB\-\-reservation\-affinity\fR=\fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR;\ default="any"] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-scopes\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances bulk create\fR facilitates the
creation of multiple Google Compute Engine virtual machines with a single
command. They offer a number of advantages compared to the single instance
creation command. This includes the ability to automatically pick a zone in
which to create instances based on resource availability, the ability to specify
that the request be atomic or best\-effort, and a faster rate of instance
creation.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-predefined\-names\fR=[\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR,...]
List of predefined names for the Compute Engine virtual machines being created.
If \f5\-\-count\fR is not specified, the number of virtual machines created will
equal the number of names provided.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which to create the Compute Engine virtual machines. Compute Engine
will select a zone in which to create all virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone in which to create the Compute Engine virtual machines.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
CLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]
Attaches accelerators (e.g. GPUs) to the instances.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of accelerator
to attach to the instances. Use 'gcloud compute accelerator\-types list' to
learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
Number of accelerators to attach to each instance. The default value is 1.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-address\fR
If provided, the instances are not assigned external IP addresses. To pull
container images, you must configure private Google access if using Container
Registry or configure Cloud NAT for instances to access container images
directly. For more information, see:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure\-private\-google\-access
.IP "\(em" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/nat/docs/using\-nat
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR
Automatically delete boot disks when their instances are deleted. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-boot\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-device\-name\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_DEVICE_NAME\fR
The name the guest operating system will see for the boot disk. This option can
only be specified if a new boot disk is being created (as opposed to mounting an
existing persistent disk).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. This option can only be specified if a new boot disk
is being created (as opposed to mounting an existing persistent disk). The value
must be a whole number followed by a size unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte,
\f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for
terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The
minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk size must be a multiple of 1
GB. Limit boot disk size to 2 TB to account for MBR partition table limitations.
Default size unit is \f5\fIGB\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. This option can only be specified if a new boot disk
is being created (as opposed to mounting an existing persistent disk). To get a
list of available disk types, run \f5$ gcloud compute disk\-types list\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR
If provided, allows the instances to send and receive packets with non\-matching
destination or source IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-confidential\-compute\fR
The instance will boot with confidential compute enabled. Confidential Compute
is based on Secure Encrypted Virtualization (SEV), an AMD virtualization feature
for running confidential instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-count\fR=\fICOUNT\fR
Number of Compute Engine virtual machines to create. If not specified, the
number of virtual machines created will equal the number of names provided to
\f5\-\-predefined\-names\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-create\-disk\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Creates and attaches persistent disks to the instances.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
Specifies the name of the disk. This option cannot be specified if more than one
instance is being created.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
Optional textual description for the disk being created.

.TP 2m
\fBmode\fR
Specifies the mode of the disk. Supported options are \f5\fIro\fR\fR for
read\-only and \f5\fIrw\fR\fR for read\-write. If omitted, \f5\fIrw\fR\fR is
used as a default.

.TP 2m
\fBimage\fR
Specifies the name of the image that the disk will be initialized with. A new
disk will be created based on the given image. To view a list of public images
and projects, run \f5$ gcloud compute images list\fR. It is best practice to use
image when a specific version of an image is needed. If both image and
image\-family flags are omitted a blank disk will be created.

.TP 2m
\fBimage\-family\fR
The image family for the operating system that the boot disk will be initialized
with. Compute Engine offers multiple Linux distributions, some of which are
available as both regular and Shielded VM images. When a family is specified
instead of an image, the latest non\-deprecated image associated with that
family is used. It is best practice to use \-\-image\-family when the latest
version of an image is needed.

.TP 2m
\fBimage\-project\fR
The Google Cloud project against which all image and image family references
will be resolved. It is best practice to define image\-project. A full list of
available projects can be generated by running \f5gcloud projects list\fR.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If specifying one of our public images, image\-project must be provided.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If there are several of the same image\-family value in multiple projects,
image\-project must be specified to clarify the image to be used.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If not specified and either image or image\-family is provided, the current
default project is used.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR
The size of the disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size unit
of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR for
gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. Disk size must be a multiple of 1 GB. If not
specified, the default image size will be used for the new disk.

.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The type of the disk. To get a list of available disk types, run $ gcloud
compute disk\-types list. The default disk type is \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
An optional name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. If omitted, a device name of the form \f5persistent\-disk\-N\fR will be
used.

.TP 2m
\fBauto\-delete\fR
If \f5\fIyes\fR\fR, this persistent disk will be automatically deleted when the
instance is deleted. However, if the disk is later detached from the instance,
this option won't apply. The default value for this is \f5\fIyes\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\-snapshot\fR
The source disk snapshot that will be used to create the disk. You can provide
this as a full URL to the snapshot or just the snapshot name. For example, the
following are valid values:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m

https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/global/snapshots/snapshot
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
snapshot

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBdisk\-resource\-policy\fR
Resource policy that will be applied to created disk. You can provide full or
partial URL. For more details see

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/beta/compute/resource\-policies/
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/scheduled\-snapshots

.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBimage\-csek\-required\fR
Specifies the name of the CSK protected image that the disk will be initialized
with. A new disk will be created based on the given image. To view a list of
public images and projects, run \f5$ gcloud compute images list\fR. It is best
practice to use image when a specific version of an image is needed. If both
image and image\-family flags are omitted a blank disk will be created. Must be
specified with \f5image\-csek\-key\-file\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBimage\-csek\-key\-file\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file for the image. Must
be specified with \f5image\-csek\-required\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-deletion\-protection\fR
Enables deletion protection for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Specifies a textual description of the instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-display\-device\fR
Enable a display device on VM instances. Disabled by default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-erase\-windows\-vss\-signature\fR
Specifies whether the disk restored from source snapshots or source machine
image should erase Windows specific VSS signature. See
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/compute/disks/snapshot#\-\-guest\-flush

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]
Attaches a local SSD to the instances.

This flag is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
Optional. A name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. Can only be specified if \f5interface\fR is \f5SCSI\fR. If omitted, a
device name of the form \f5\fIlocal\-ssd\-N\fR\fR will be used.

.TP 2m
\fBinterface\fR
Optional. The kind of disk interface exposed to the VM for this SSD. Valid
values are \f5\fISCSI\fR\fR and \f5\fINVME\fR\fR. SCSI is the default and is
supported by more guest operating systems. NVME may provide higher performance.

.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR
Optional. Size of the SSD disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a
size unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte,
\f5\fIGB\fR\fR for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example,
\f5\fI750GB\fR\fR will produce a 750 gigabyte disk. The size must be a multiple
of 375 GB and the default is 375 GB. For Alpha API only.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
Specifies the machine type used for the instances. To get a list of available
machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. If unspecified, the
default type is n1\-standard\-1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances. Each metadata entry is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign.
Each metadata key must be unique and have a max of 128 bytes in length. Each
value must have a max of 256 KB in length. Multiple arguments can be passed to
this flag, e.g., \f5\fI\-\-metadata
key\-1=value\-1,key\-2=value\-2,key\-3=value\-3\fR\fR. The combined total size
for all metadata entries is 512 KB.

In images that have Compute Engine tools installed on them, such as the official
images (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images), the following metadata
keys have special meanings:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\fR
Specifies a script that will be executed by the instances once they start
running. For convenience, \f5\fI\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR\fR can be used to
pull the value from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\-url\fR
Same as \f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR except that the script contents are pulled
from a publicly\-accessible location on the web.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[...]
Same as \f5\fI\-\-metadata\fR\fR except that the value for the entry will be
read from a local file. This is useful for values that are too large such as
\f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR contents.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-count\fR=\fIMIN_COUNT\fR
The minimum number of Compute Engine virtual machines that must be successfully
created for the operation to be considered a success. If the operation
successfully creates as many virtual machines as specified here they will be
persisted, otherwise the operation rolls back and deletes all created virtual
machines. If not specified, this value is equal to \f5\-\-count\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the VM will be scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture
or a newer one. To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute zones describe ZONE \e
  \-\-format="value(availableCpuPlatforms)"
.RE

Default setting is "AUTOMATIC".

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones.

You can find more information on\-line:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/specify\-min\-cpu\-platform

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-node\-cpu\fR=\fIMIN_NODE_CPU\fR
Minimum number of virtual CPUs this instance will consume when running on a
sole\-tenant node.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Specifies the network that the instances will be part of. If \-\-subnet is also
specified subnet must be a subnetwork of network specified by \-\-network. If
neither is specified, this defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Adds a network interface to the instance. Mutually exclusive with any of these
flags: \fB\-\-network\fR, \fB\-\-network\-tier\fR, \fB\-\-subnet\fR. This flag
can be repeated to specify multiple network interfaces.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\fR
Specifies the network that the interface will be part of. If subnet is also
specified it must be subnetwork of this network. If neither is specified, this
defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\-tier\fR
Specifies the network tier of the interface. \f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR must be
one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The default value is \f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBsubnet\fR
Specifies the subnet that the interface will be part of. If network key is also
specified this must be a subnetwork of the specified network.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR
Specifies the network tier that will be used to configure the instance.
\f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR must be one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The
default value is \f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-post\-key\-revocation\-action\-type\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The instance will be shut down when the KMS key of one of its disk is revoked,
if set to \f5SHUTDOWN\fR.

Default setting is \f5NOOP\fR.

\fIPOLICY\fR must be one of: \fBnoop\fR, \fBshutdown\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\fR
If provided, instances will be preemptible and time\-limited. Instances may be
preempted to free up resources for standard VM instances, and will only be able
to run for a limited amount of time. Preemptible instances can not be restarted
and will not migrate.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...]
A list of resource policy names to be added to the instance. The policies must
exist in the same region as the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR
The instances will be restarted if they are terminated by Compute Engine. This
does not affect terminations performed by the user. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shielded\-integrity\-monitoring\fR
Enables monitoring and attestation of the boot integrity of the instance. The
attestation is performed against the integrity policy baseline. This baseline is
initially derived from the implicitly trusted boot image when the instance is
created. This baseline can be updated by using
\f5\-\-shielded\-vm\-learn\-integrity\-policy\fR. On Shielded VMs, integrity
monitoring is enabled by default. For information about how to modify Shielded
VM options, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/modifying\-shielded\-vm.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shielded\-secure\-boot\fR
The instance boots with secure boot enabled. On Shielded VMs, Secure Boot is not
enabled by default. For information about how to modify Shielded VM options, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/modifying\-shielded\-vm.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shielded\-vtpm\fR
The instance boots with the TPM (Trusted Platform Module) enabled. A TPM is a
hardware module that can be used for different security operations such as
remote attestation, encryption, and sealing of keys. On Shielded VMs, vTPM is
enabled by default. For information about how to modify Shielded VM options, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/modifying\-shielded\-vm.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-instance\-template\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR
The name of the instance template that the instance will be created from.

Users can also override machine type and labels. Values of other flags will be
ignored and \f5\-\-source\-instance\-template\fR will be used instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Specifies the subnet that the instances will be part of. If \-\-network is also
specified subnet must be a subnetwork of network specified by \-\-network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the instance. These tags allow network
firewall rules and routes to be applied to specified VM instances. See \fBgcloud
compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.

To read more about configuring network tags, read this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/add\-remove\-network\-tags

To list instances with their respective status and tags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table(name,status,tags.list())'
.RE

To list instances tagged with a specific tag, \f5tag1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags:tag1'
.RE

.TP 2m

Custom machine type extensions.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the custom machine
type. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the custom machine
type. A size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MB or 9GB) \- if no units are
specified, GB is assumed. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR
Use the extended custom machine type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR
Specifies VM type. n1 \- VMs with CPU platforms Skylake and older, n2 \- VMs
with CPU platform Cascade Lake. n2 offers flexible sizing from 2 to 80 vCPUs,
and 1 to 640GBs of memory. It also features a number of performance enhancements
including exposing a more accurate NUMA topology to the guest OS. The default is
\f5n1\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR
The Google Cloud project against which all image and image family references
will be resolved. It is best practice to define image\-project. A full list of
available projects can be generated by running \f5gcloud projects list\fR.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
If specifying one of our public images, image\-project must be provided.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If there are several of the same image\-family value in multiple projects,
image\-project must be specified to clarify the image to be used.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If not specified and either image or image\-family is provided, the current
default project is used.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
Specifies the boot image for the instances. For each instance, a new boot disk
will be created from the given image. Each boot disk will have the same name as
the instance. To view a list of public images and projects, run \f5$ gcloud
compute images list\fR. It is best practice to use \f5\-\-image\fR when a
specific version of an image is needed.

When using this option, \f5\fI\-\-boot\-disk\-device\-name\fR\fR and
\f5\fI\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR\fR can be used to override the boot disk's device
name and size, respectively.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR
The image family for the operating system that the boot disk will be initialized
with. Compute Engine offers multiple Linux distributions, some of which are
available as both regular and Shielded VM images. When a family is specified
instead of an image, the latest non\-deprecated image associated with that
family is used. It is best practice to use \f5\-\-image\-family\fR when the
latest version of an image is needed.

By default, \f5\fIdebian\-10\fR\fR is assumed for this flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR
The name of the source disk snapshot that the instance boot disk will be created
from. You can provide this as a full URL to the snapshot or just the snapshot
name. For example, the following are valid values:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m

https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/global/snapshots/snapshot
.IP "\(bu" 2m
snapshot
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Maintenance Behavior. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
(DEPRECATED) Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines
undergo maintenance. The default is MIGRATE.

The \-\-maintenance\-policy flag is now deprecated. Please use
\f5\-\-on\-host\-maintenance\fR instead. \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBMIGRATE\fR
The instances should be migrated to a new host. This will temporarily impact the
performance of instances during a migration event.
.TP 2m
\fBTERMINATE\fR
The instances should be terminated.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-on\-host\-maintenance\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines undergo
maintenance. The default is MIGRATE. \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBMIGRATE\fR
The instances should be migrated to a new host. This will temporarily impact the
performance of instances during a migration event.
.TP 2m
\fBTERMINATE\fR
The instances should be terminated.
.RE
.sp


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-dns\fR
Assigns a public DNS name to the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-public\-dns\fR
If provided, the instance will not be assigned a public DNS name.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifies the reservation for the instance.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR
The name of the reservation, required when
\f5\-\-reservation\-affinity=specific\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\-affinity\fR=\fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR; default="any"
The type of reservation for the instance. \fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR must be one
of: \fBany\fR, \fBnone\fR, \fBspecific\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
If not provided, the instance will be assigned the default scopes, described
below. However, if neither \f5\-\-scopes\fR nor \f5\-\-no\-scopes\fR are
specified and the project has no default service account, then the instance will
be created with no scopes. Note that the level of access that a service account
has is determined by a combination of access scopes and IAM roles so you must
configure both access scopes and IAM roles for the service account to work
properly.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. \fBdefault\fR scopes
are assigned to all instances. Available aliases are:


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB
l l.
Alias	URI
bigquery	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud-platform	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform
cloud-source-repos	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud-source-repos-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
gke-default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring-read	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.read
monitoring-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
pubsub	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
service-control	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service-management	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql (deprecated)	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql-admin	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage-full	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
trace	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
userinfo-email	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

DEPRECATION WARNING: https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice account scope
and \f5sql\fR alias do not provide SQL instance management capabilities and have
been deprecated. Please, use https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin or
\f5sql\-admin\fR to manage your Google SQL Service instances.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-scopes\fR
Create instance without scopes

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
A service account is an identity attached to the instance. Its access tokens can
be accessed through the instance metadata server and are used to authenticate
applications on the instance. The account can be set using an email address
corresponding to the required service account.

If not provided, the instance will use the project's default service account.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR
Create instance without service account


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create instances called 'example\-instance\-1', 'example\-instance\-2', and
\'example\-instance\-3' in the 'us\-central1\-a' zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances bulk create \e
    \-\-predefined\-names=example\-instance\-1,example\-instance\-2,\e
example\-instance\-3 \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

