
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_CONNECT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql connect \- connects to a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql connect\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default=9470] [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR,\ \fB\-u\fR\ \fIUSER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Connects to Cloud SQL V2 instances through the Cloud SQL Proxy.
Connects to Cloud SQL V1 instances directly.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR, \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR
The PostgreSQL or SQL Server database to connect to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default=9470
Port number that gcloud will use to connect to the Cloud SQL Proxy through
localhost.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR, \fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR
Cloud SQL instance user to connect as.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To connect to a Cloud SQL instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql connect my\-instance \-\-user=root
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql connect
$ gcloud beta sql connect
.RE

