
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine \- manage AI Platform jobs and models



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud beta ml\-engine command group lets you manage AI
Platform jobs and training models.

AI Platform is a managed service that enables you to easily build machine
learning models, that work on any type of data, of any size. Create your model
with the powerful TensorFlow framework that powers many Google products, from
Google Photos to Google Cloud Speech.

More information on AI Platform can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/ml
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR AI Platform Jobs commands.

.TP 2m
\fBlocal\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR AI Platform Local commands.

.TP 2m
\fBmodels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR AI Platform Models commands.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage AI Platform operations.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR AI Platform Versions commands.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexplain\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Run AI Platform explanation.

.TP 2m
\fBpredict\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Run AI Platform online prediction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine
.RE

