
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AUTH_LOGIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha auth login \- authorize gcloud to access the Cloud Platform with Google user credentials



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha auth login\fR [\fIACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-activate\fR] [\fB\-\-brief\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Obtains access credentials for your user account via a web\-based
authorization flow. When this command completes successfully, it sets the active
account in the current configuration to the account specified. If no
configuration exists, it creates a configuration named default.

If valid credentials for an account are already available from a prior
authorization, the account is set to active without rerunning the flow.

Use \f5gcloud auth list\fR to view credentialed accounts.

If you'd rather authorize without a web browser but still interact with the
command line, use the \f5\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR flag. To authorize without a
web browser and non\-interactively, create a service account with the
appropriate scopes using the Google Cloud Platform Console
(https://console.cloud.google.com) and use \f5gcloud auth
activate\-service\-account\fR with the corresponding JSON key file.

For more information on authorization and credential types, see:
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/authorizing.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIACCOUNT\fR]
User account used for authorization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activate\fR
Set the new account to active. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-activate\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-brief\fR
Minimal user output.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR
Enable Google Drive access.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Re\-run the web authorization flow even if the given account has valid
credentials.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-launch\-browser\fR
Launch a browser for authorization. If not enabled or DISPLAY variable is not
set, prints a URL to standard output to be copied. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR to disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth login
$ gcloud beta auth login
.RE

