
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc clusters \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc clusters\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-from\-file\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a cluster from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View the details of a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdiagnose\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run a detailed diagnostic on a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View a list of clusters in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update labels and/or the number of worker nodes in a cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters create my_cluster \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE

To resize a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters update my_cluster \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-num_workers 5
.RE

To delete a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters delete my_cluster \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE

To view the details of a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters describe my_cluster \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE

To see the list of all clusters, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters
.RE

