
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies export \- export a list of taxonomies from a certain project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies export\fR \fITAXONOMIES\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a list of taxonomies from a certain project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAXONOMIES\fR
List of taxonomies to bring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- Location to export taxonomies from. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-location] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export 'TAXONOMY1' and 'TAXONOMY2' from your project within location LOCATION
and render the export on the command line:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies export \e
    "TAXONOMY1,TAXONOMY2" \-\-location=LOCATION
.RE

To export 'TAXONOMY1' and 'TAXONOMY2' from your project within location LOCATION
and store the export into a file "/path/file.yaml":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies export \e
    "TAXONOMY1,TAXONOMY2" \-\-location=LOCATION > /path/file.yaml
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies export
.RE

