
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_ROWS_INSERT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner rows insert \- insert a row in a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner rows insert\fR \fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR \fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR (\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Insert a row in a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR
The column names and values of a row which will be added.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR
The Cloud Spanner table name.

.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database in which to insert a row. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [\-\-database] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR
The ID of the database or a fully qualified identifier for the database. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To insert a row with SingerId=1,SingName=abc in table Singers under.RS 2m
my\-database and my\-instance, run:

.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner rows insert  \-\-table=Singers \e
  \-\-database=my\-database
  \-\-instance=my\-instance \-\-data=SingerId=1,SingerName=abc
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner rows insert
.RE

