
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_ORGANIZATIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee organizations delete \- delete an Apigee organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee organizations delete\fR \fIORGANIZATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Apigee organization.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee organizations delete\fR deletes an organization and all
resources inside it. This is currently only supported for trial organizations.

This is a long running operation. Once organization provisioning has begun,
\f5gcloud alpha apigee organizations delete\fR will exit, returning the
operation's ID and initial status. To continue monitoring the operation, run
\f5gcloud alpha apigee operations describe OPERATION_NAME\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The trial organization to be deleted. This represents a
Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORGANIZATION\fR
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an organization called \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee organizations delete my\-org
.RE

To delete an organization called \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR, and print only the name of
the launched operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee organizations delete my\-org \e
  \-\-format="value(name)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

