
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_DIAGNOSE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc clusters diagnose \- run a detailed diagnostic on a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc clusters diagnose\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run a detailed diagnostic on a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the cluster to diagnose.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters diagnose
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters diagnose
.RE

