
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_WORKFLOWS_DEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta workflows deploy \- create or update a workflow



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta workflows deploy\fR (\fIWORKFLOW\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create or update a workflow.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workflow resource \- Name of the workflow to deploy. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [workflow] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKFLOW\fR
ID of the workflow or fully qualified identifier for the workflow. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Cloud location for the workflow. Alternatively, set the property
[workflows/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the workflow to deploy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account that should be used as the workflow identity.
"projects/PROJECT_ID/serviceAccounts/" prefix may be skipped from the full
resource name, in that case "projects/\-/serviceAccounts/" is prepended to the
service account ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Location of a workflow source code to deploy. Required on first deployment.
Location needs to be defined as a path to a local file with the source code.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

