
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision \- use Google Cloud Vision to analyze images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Google Cloud Vision to analyze images.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Cloud Vision operations.

.TP 2m
\fBproduct\-search\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Uses Google Cloud Vision to analyze product in images.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-document\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect dense text in an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-faces\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect faces within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-image\-properties\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect general attributes of an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect broad sets of categories within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-landmarks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect popular natural and man\-made structures within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-logos\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect popular product logos within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-objects\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect and extract multiple objects in an image with object
localization.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-product\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR detect products within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-safe\-search\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect explicit content in an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-text\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect and extract text within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-text\-pdf\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect and transcribe text from PDF files stored in Google Cloud
Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-text\-tiff\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect and transcribe text from TIFF files stored in Google Cloud
Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-web\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect entities in an image from similar images on the web.

.TP 2m
\fBsuggest\-crop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Suggest a bounding box in an image.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml vision
$ gcloud beta ml vision
.RE

