
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies describe \- describe an Organization Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies describe\fR \fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-effective\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes an Organization Policy associated with the specified
resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR
The Org Policy constraint name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the organization policy. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-effective\fR
Show the effective policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command retrieves an Organization Policy for constraint
\f5serviceuser.services\fR on project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies describe \e
    serviceuser.services \-\-project=foo\-project
.RE

The following command retrieves the effective Organization Policy for constraint
\f5serviceuser.services\fR on project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies describe \e
    serviceuser.services \-\-project=foo\-project \-\-effective
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies describe
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies describe
.RE

