
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS_UNDELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders undelete \- undelete a folder



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders undelete\fR \fIFOLDER_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undeletes the folder with the given folder ID.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no folder with the given ID.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have Owner or Editor permissions for the given
folder.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
When the folder to be undeleted has the same display name as an active folder
under this folder's parent.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
ID for the folder you want to undelete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command undeletes the folder with the ID \f53589215982\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders undelete 3589215982
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager folders undelete
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager folders undelete
.RE

