
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS_QUEUES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks queues set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks queues set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIQUEUE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a queue, given a
queue and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy. If the
given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the replacement will succeed
only if the policy already in place matches that etag. (An etag obtained via
\f5get\-iam\-policy\fR will prevent the replacement if the policy for the queue
has been subsequently updated.) A policy file that does not contain an etag
value will replace any existing policy for the queue.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Queue resource \- The queue for which to set the IAM policy. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [queue] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUEUE\fR
ID of the queue or fully qualified identifier for the queue. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudtasks/v2beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tasks/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the IAM policy for a queue:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha tasks queues set\-iam\-policy my\-queue policy\-file.json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud tasks queues set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta tasks queues set\-iam\-policy
.RE

