
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_DISK\-TYPES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute disk\-types describe \- describe a Google Compute Engine disk type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute disk\-types describe\fR \fIDISK_TYPE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute disk\-types describe\fR displays all data
associated with a Google Compute Engine disk type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_TYPE\fR
Name of the disk type to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disk type to describe. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk type to describe. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disk\-types describe
$ gcloud alpha compute disk\-types describe
.RE

