
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESERVATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute reservations \- manage Compute Engine reservations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute reservations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Compute Engine reservations.

For more information about reservations, see the reservations documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/reserving\-zonal\-resources).

See also: Reservations API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/reservations).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine reservation.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine reservation.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine reservation.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a Compute Engine reservation.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine reservation.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Compute Engine reservations.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine reservation.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Compute Engine reservation.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine reservation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute reservations
$ gcloud beta compute reservations
.RE

