
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a secret



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISECRET\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of a secret. One
binding consists of a member and a role.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Secret resource \- Name of the secret for which to add the IAM policy binding.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [secret] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECRET\fR
ID of the secret or fully qualified identifier for the secret.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

The condition of the binding to be added. When the condition is explicitly
specified as \f5None\fR (\f5\-\-condition=None\fR), a binding without a
condition is added. When the condition is specified and is not \f5None\fR,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) A short string describing the purpose of the expression.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Additional description for the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecretmanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/secret\-manager/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/secretmanager.secretAccessor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on
my\-secret, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-secret \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/secretmanager.secretAccessor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

