
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_GCLOUDIGNORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic gcloudignore \- reference for \f5.gcloudignore\fR files



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Several commands in \f5gcloud\fR involve uploading the contents of a directory
to Google Cloud Platform to host or build. In many cases, you will not want to
upload certain files (i.e., "ignore" them).

If there is a file called \f5.gcloudignore\fR \fIin the top\-level directory to
upload\fR, the files that it specifies (see "SYNTAX") will be ignored.

If a \f5.gitignore\fR file is present in the top\-level directory to upload and
there isn't a \f5.gcloudignore\fR file, \f5gcloud\fR will generate a
Git\-compatible \f5.gcloudignore\fR file that respects your \f5.gitignore\fR\-ed
files (see "ADVANCED TOPICS" for details). The global \f5.gitignore\fR is not
respected.

The following \f5gcloud\fR commands respect the \f5.gcloudignore\fR file:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud beta functions deploy\fR
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud container builds submit\fR
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud beta debug source upload\fR
.RE
.sp

To globally disable \f5.gcloudignore\fR parsing (including default file\-ignore
behavior), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set gcloudignore/enabled false
.RE



.SH "SYNTAX"

The syntax of \f5.gcloudignore\fR borrows heavily from that of \f5.gitignore\fR;
see https://git\-scm.com/docs/gitignore or \f5man gitignore\fR for a full
reference.

Each line in a \f5.gcloudignore\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBpattern\fR: a pattern specifies file names to ignore (or explicitly include)
in the upload. If multiple patterns match the file name, the last matching
pattern takes precedence.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBcomment\fR: comments begin with \f5#\fR and are ignored (see "ADVANCED
TOPICS" for an exception). If you want to include a \f5#\fR at the beginning of
a pattern, you must escape it: \f5\e#\fR.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBblank line\fR: A blank line is ignored and useful for readability.
.RE
.sp

Some example patterns follow; see the full reference
(https://git\-scm.com/docs/gitignore or \f5man gitignore\fR) for details.

To ignore any file named \f5foo\fR, and any file in the root of the upload
directory named \f5bar\fR:

.RS 2m
foo
/bar
.RE

To ignore any file starting with \f5foo\fR, ending with \f5bar\fR, or starting
with \f5baz\fR and ending with \f5qux\fR:

.RS 2m
foo*
*bar
baz*qux
.RE

To explicitly include any file named \f5foo\fR (useful if \f5foo\fR was excluded
earlier in the file) and ignore a file named \f5!bar\fR:

.RS 2m
!foo
\e!bar
.RE

To ignore any directory \f5foo\fR and all its contents (though not a file
\f5foo\fR), any file \f5baz\fR, and the directory \f5qux\fR and all its
contents:

.RS 2m
foo/
**/baz
qux/**
.RE



.SH "ADVANCED TOPICS"

In order to support Git\-related files, there is a special comment syntax:

.RS 2m
#!include:.gitignore
.RE

This will include the contents of a \f5.gitignore\fR\-style file at that path at
that point in the file. It does not recurse (that is, the included file
\fBcannot\fR \f5#!include\fR another file) and cannot be anywhere but the
top\-level directory to be uploaded.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

This \f5.gcloudignore\fR would prevent the upload of the \f5node_modules/\fR
directory and any files ending in \f5~\fR:

.RS 2m
node_modules/
*~
.RE

This \f5.gcloudignore\fR (similar to the one generated when Git files are
present) would prevent the upload of the \f5.gcloudignore\fR file, the
\f5.git\fR directory, and any files in ignored in the \f5.gitignore\fR file:

.RS 2m
.gcloudignore
# If you would like to upload your .git directory, .gitignore file or
# files from your .gitignore file, remove the corresponding line below:
.git
.gitignore
#!include:.gitignore
.RE
