
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring policies \- manage Stackdriver Monitoring alerting policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring policies\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Stackdriver Monitoring alerting policies.

More information can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconditions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Stackdriver Monitoring alerting policy conditions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new alerting policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Stackdriver alerting policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an alerting policy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List alerting policies.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates an alerting policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

