
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_SET\-SECURITY\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-services set\-security\-policy \- set the security policy for a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-services set\-security\-policy\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command is deprecated and will not be
promoted to beta. Please use "gcloud beta backend\-services update" instead.


\fBgcloud alpha compute backend\-services set\-security\-policy\fR is used to
set the security policy for a backend service. Setting an empty string will
clear the existing security policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
The name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
The security policy that will be set for this backend service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

