
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_CREATE_INSTANCE\-SCHEDULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create instance\-schedule \- create a Compute Engine instance schedule resource policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create instance\-schedule\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-timezone\fR=\fITIMEZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-vm\-start\-schedule\fR=\fIVM_START_SCHEDULE\fR] [\fB\-\-vm\-stop\-schedule\fR=\fIVM_STOP_SCHEDULE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine instance schedule resource policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the resource policy to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the resource policy to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timezone\fR=\fITIMEZONE\fR
Timezone used in interpreting schedule. The value of this field must be a time
zone name from the tz database http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tz_database

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-start\-schedule\fR=\fIVM_START_SCHEDULE\fR
Schedule for starting the instance, specified using standard CRON format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-stop\-schedule\fR=\fIVM_STOP_SCHEDULE\fR
Schedule for stopping the instance, specified using standard CRON format.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

