
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_COPY\-RULES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules \- replace the rules of a Google Compute Engine organization security policy with rules from another policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules\fR \fISECURITY_POLICY_ID\fR \fB\-\-source\-security\-policy\fR=\fISOURCE_SECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules\fR is
used to replace the rules of organization security policies. An.RS 2m
organization security policy is a set of rules that controls access to
various resources.

.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECURITY_POLICY_ID\fR
Resource ID of the security policy to copy the rules to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-security\-policy\fR=\fISOURCE_SECURITY_POLICY\fR
Source security policy to copy the rules from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

