
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_LITE\-TOPICS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics update \- update a Pub/Sub Lite topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics update\fR (\fITOPIC\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) (\fB\-\-message\-retention\-period\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_PERIOD\fR\ \fB\-\-per\-partition\-bytes\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_BYTES\fR\ \fB\-\-scale\fR=\fISCALE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Pub/Sub Lite topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Topic to update. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [topic] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the location of the Pub/Sub Lite resource.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR pubsub/lite_zone property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At least one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-retention\-period\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_PERIOD\fR
How long a published message is retained. If unset, messages will only be
dropped to make space for new ones once the \f5per\-partition\-bytes\fR limit is
reached. A valid example value of this flag would be
\f5message\-retention\-period="2w"\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-per\-partition\-bytes\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_BYTES\fR
Provisioned storage, in bytes, per partition. If the number of bytes stored in
any of the topic's partitions exceeds this value, older messages will be dropped
to make room for newer ones, regardless of the value of
\f5message\-retention\-period\fR. A valid example value of this flag would be
\f5per\-partition\-bytes=30GiB\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scale\fR=\fISCALE\fR
Topic partition scale value. Every partition in the topic is allocated
throughput equivalent to \f5scale\fR times the standard partition throughput (4
MiB/s of publishing throughput and 8 MiB/s of subscribing throughput). This is
also reflected in the cost of this topic; a topic with \f5scale\fR of 2 and
count of 10 is charged for 20 partitions.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsublite/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a Pub/Sub Lite topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics update mytopic \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-scale=2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub lite\-topics update
.RE

