
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_SUBORDINATES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca subordinates delete \- schedule a subordinate certificate authority for deletion



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca subordinates delete\fR (\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Schedule a subordinate certificate authority for deletion in 30
days.

Note that any user\-managed KMS keys or Google Cloud Storage buckets will not be
affected by this operation. You will need to delete the user\- managed resources
separately once the CA is deleted. Any Google\-managed resources will be cleaned
up.

The CA specified in this command MUST:

.RS 2m
1) be disabled.
2) have no un\-revoked or un\-expired certificates. Use the revoke command
   to revoke any active certificates.
.RE

You can use the restore command to halt this process.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY resource \- The certificate authority to schedule deletion
for. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY or fully qualified identifier for the
CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. Alternatively, you can set the
property [privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To schedule a subordinate CA for deletion:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates delete server\-tls\-1 \e
    \-\-location='us\-west1'
.RE

To schedule a subordinate CA for deletion while skipping the confirmation input:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates delete server\-tls\-1 \e
    \-\-location='us\-west1' \-\-quiet
.RE

To un\-do the scheduled deletion for a subordinate CA:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates restore server\-tls\-1 \e
    \-\-location='us\-west1'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

