
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_CERTIFICATES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca certificates update \- update an existing certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca certificates update\fR (\fICERTIFICATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR\ \fB\-\-issuer\-location\fR=\fIISSUER_LOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE resource \- The certificate to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [CERTIFICATE] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE or fully qualified identifier for the CERTIFICATE. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR
The issuing certificate authority of the CERTIFICATE.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuer\-location\fR=\fIISSUER_LOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE. Alternatively, you can set the property
[privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update labels on a certificate:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates update frontend\-server\-tls \e
  \-\-issuer=server\-tls\-1 \-\-issuer\-location=us \e
  \-\-update\-labels=in_use=true
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

