
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-GRPC\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-grpc\-proxies create \- create a target gRPC proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-grpc\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-validate\-for\-proxyless\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-grpc\-proxies create\fR is used to
create target gRPC proxies. A target gRPC proxy is a component of load balancers
intended for load balancing gRPC traffic. Global forwarding rules reference a
target gRPC proxy. The Target gRPC proxy references a URL map which specifies
how traffic routes to gRPC backend services.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target gRPC proxy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource. A URL map defines the mapping of URLs to
backend services. Before you can refer to a URL map, you must create the URL
map. To delete a URL map that a target proxy is referring to, you must first
delete the target gRPC proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target gRPC proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-validate\-for\-proxyless\fR
If specified, indicates that the BackendServices referenced by the urlMap may be
accessed by gRPC applications without using a sidecar proxy. This will enable
configuration checks on urlMap and its referenced BackendServices to not allow
unsupported features. A gRPC application must use "xds\-experimental:///" scheme
in the target URI of the service it is connecting to.

If unspecified, indicates that the BackendServices referenced by the urlMap will
be accessed by gRPC applications via a sidecar proxy. In this case, a gRPC
application must not use "xds\-experimental:///" scheme in the target URI of the
service it is connecting to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

If there is an already\-created URL map with the name URL_MAP, create a global
target gRPC proxy pointing to this map by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-grpc\-proxies create PROXY_NAME \e
    \-\-url\-map=URL_MAP
.RE

To create a proxy with a textual description, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-grpc\-proxies create PROXY_NAME \e
    \-\-url\-map=URL_MAP \-\-description="default proxy"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

