
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks subnets update \- updates properties of an existing Google Compute Engine subnetwork



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks subnets update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]\ |\ \fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-flow\-logs\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Updates properties of an existing Google Compute Engine subnetwork.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the subnetwork to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the subnetwork to update. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]
Adds secondary IP ranges to the subnetwork for use in IP aliasing.

For example, \f5\-\-add\-secondary\-ranges range1=192.168.64.0/24\fR adds a
secondary range 192.168.64.0/24 with name range1.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5RANGE_NAME\fR \- Name of the secondary range.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5RANGE\fR \- \f5IP range in CIDR format.\fR
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-flow\-logs\fR
Enable/disable VPC flow logging for this subnet. More information for VPC flow
logs can be found at https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using\-flow\-logs. Use
\fB\-\-enable\-flow\-logs\fR to enable and \fB\-\-no\-enable\-flow\-logs\fR to
disable.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR
Enable/disable access to Google Cloud APIs from this subnet for instances
without a public ip address. Use \fB\-\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR
to enable and \fB\-\-no\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]
Removes secondary ranges from the subnetwork.

For example, \f5\-\-remove\-secondary\-ranges range2,range3\fR removes the
secondary ranges with names range2 and range3.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks subnets update
$ gcloud alpha compute networks subnets update
.RE

