
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_BACKUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql backups \- provide commands for working with backups of Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql backups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide commands for working with backups of Cloud SQL instances
including listing and getting information about backups for a Cloud SQL
instance.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieves information about a backup.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists all backups associated with a given instance.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql backups
$ gcloud beta sql backups
.RE

