
.TH "GCLOUD_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to set an IAM policy on. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a subscription with identifier 'my\-subscription'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy my\-subscription \e
    policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions set\-iam\-policy
.RE

