
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_JOBS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIJOB\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for a job, given a job ID and the policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
The ID of the job to set the policy on.

.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a job with identifier 'example\-job'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy example\-job policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs set\-iam\-policy
.RE

