
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_INSTANCES_UPGRADE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis instances upgrade \- upgrade a Memorystore Redis instance to a specified Redis version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis instances upgrade\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Upgrade a Memorystore Redis instance to a specified Redis version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
instance you want to upgrade. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Target version of Redis software. \fIVERSION\fR must be (currently only one
value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBredis_4_0\fR
Redis 4.0 compatibility
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To upgrade an instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in region
\f5us\-central1\fR to Redis version 4.0 run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances upgrade my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-redis\-version=redis_4_0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta redis instances upgrade
.RE

