
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_BACKUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore backups \- create and manage Cloud Filestore backups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore backups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Filestore backup.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Filestore backup.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Filestore backup.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Filestore backups.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Filestore backup.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups create my\-backup \-\-region=Region
.RE

To delete a backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups delete my\-backup \-\-region=Region
.RE

To display the details for an backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups describe my\-backup \-\-region=Region
.RE

To list all the backups, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups list [\-\-region=Region]
.RE

To set the label 'env' to 'prod' for an backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups my\-backup \-\-update\-labels=env=prod
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore backups
.RE

