
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations \- manage Cloud Domains registrations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Cloud Domains registrations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBauthorization\-code\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Domains registration's authorization code.

.TP 2m
\fBconfigure\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure Cloud Domains registrations' management, DNS or contact
settings.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Domains operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Domains registration.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing Cloud Domains registration.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a Cloud Domains registration.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-register\-parameters\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get register parameters (including availability) of a specific
domain.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Domains registrations.

.TP 2m
\fBregister\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Register a new domain.

.TP 2m
\fBsearch\-domains\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Search for available domains.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Domains registration.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

