
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_MIGRATION\-JOBS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs update \- update a Database Migration Service migration job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs update\fR (\fIMIGRATION_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR \fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-dump\-path\fR=\fIDUMP_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-peer\-vpc\fR=\fIPEER_VPC\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-vm\fR=\fIVM\fR\ \fB\-\-vm\-ip\fR=\fIVM_IP\fR\ \fB\-\-vm\-port\fR=\fIVM_PORT\fR\ \fB\-\-vpc\fR=\fIVPC\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Database Migration Service migration job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Migration job resource \- The migration job to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [migration_job] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMIGRATION_JOB\fR
ID of the migration_job or fully qualified identifier for the migration_job.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the migration_job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- Resource ID of the destination connection
profile. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-destination] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. To set the [region] attribute: provide the
argument [\-\-destination] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-region] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- Resource ID of the source connection profile.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-source] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. To set the [region] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-source]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-region] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Friendly name for the migration job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dump\-path\fR=\fIDUMP_PATH\fR
Path to the dump file in Google Cloud Storage, in the format:
\f5gs://[BUCKET_NAME]/[OBJECT_NAME]\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Type of the migration job (ONE_TIME or CONTINUOUS). \fITYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBONE_TIME\fR, \fBCONTINUOUS\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-vpc\fR=\fIPEER_VPC\fR
Name of the VPC network to peer with the Cloud SQL private network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\fR=\fIVM\fR
Name of VM that will host the SSH tunnel bastion.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-ip\fR=\fIVM_IP\fR
Bastion Virtual Machine IP.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-port\fR=\fIVM_PORT\fR
Forwarding port for the SSH tunnel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpc\fR=\fIVPC\fR
Name of the VPC network where the VM is hosted.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a migration job in draft with new display name, source and destination
connection profiles:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs update \e
  MIGRATION_JOB \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-display\-name=new\-name  \e
  \-\-source=new\-src \-\-destination=new\-dest
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

