
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECOMMENDER_INSIGHTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recommender insights describe \- describe an insight



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recommender insights describe\fR (\fIINSIGHT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-insight\-type\fR=\fIINSIGHT_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an insight.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Insight resource \- The insight to describe. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [insight] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSIGHT\fR
ID of the insight or fully qualified identifier for the insight. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-insight\-type\fR=\fIINSIGHT_TYPE\fR
The insight type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location ID.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrecommender/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an insight:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha recommender insights describe abcd\-1234 \e
    \-\-project=project\-name \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-insight\-type=google.compute.firewall.Insight
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

