
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc clusters describe \- view the details of a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc clusters describe\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR View the details of a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- The name of the cluster to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the cluster. Each Dataproc region constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute Engine zones
inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value
for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view the details of a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters describe my_cluster \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters describe
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters describe
.RE

