
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_MAINTENANCE\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute maintenance\-policies \- create Google Compute Engine Maintenance Policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute maintenance\-policies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Currently Maintenance Policies are only available for instances.
Maintenance policies for instances let you define time windows in which live
migrations can take place.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine Maintenance Policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Google Compute Engine maintenance policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Google Compute Engine maintenance policy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine maintenance policies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

