
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_DATABASES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql databases create \- creates a database for a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql databases create\fR \fIDATABASE\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-charset\fR=\fICHARSET\fR] [\fB\-\-collation\fR=\fICOLLATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a database for a Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
Cloud SQL database name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-charset\fR=\fICHARSET\fR
Cloud SQL database charset setting, which specifies the set of symbols and
encodings used to store the data in your database. Each database version may
support a different set of charsets.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collation\fR=\fICOLLATION\fR
Cloud SQL database collation setting, which specifies the set of rules for
comparing characters in a character set. Each database version may support a
different set of collations. For PostgreSQL database versions, this may only be
set to the collation of the template database.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql databases create
$ gcloud beta sql databases create
.RE

