
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds triggers \- create and manage build triggers for Google Cloud Build



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds triggers\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage build triggers for Google Cloud Build.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create build triggers for Google Cloud Build.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a build trigger.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a build trigger.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a build trigger.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a build trigger.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List build triggers.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run a build trigger.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds triggers
.RE

