
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore instances \- create and manage Cloud Filestore instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Cloud Filestore instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Filestore instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Filestore instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for a Cloud Filestore instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Filestore instances.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restore a Cloud Filestore instance from a snapshot or backup.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Filestore instance in the current project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances
$ gcloud beta filestore instances
.RE

