
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-login \- create and manipulate Google Compute Engine OS Login resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-login\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud oslogin command group lets you manage your Google OS
Login profile. OS Login profiles can be used to store information such as Posix
account information and SSH keys used for other Google Cloud Platform products
such as Google Compute Engine.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBssh\-keys\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, add, update, and remove OS Login SSH Keys.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\-profile\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe the OS Login profile for the current user.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-profile\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove the posix account information for the current user.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login
$ gcloud beta compute os\-login
.RE

