
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types update \- update a composite type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a composite type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Composite type name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Optional description of the composite type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR
Optional status for a composite type. \fISTATUS\fR must be one of:
\fBDEPRECATED\fR, \fBEXPERIMENTAL\fR, \fBSUPPORTED\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a composite type, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types update my\-composite\-type \e
    \-\-status EXPERIMENTAL \-\-description "My type."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager types update
.RE

