
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_TASKS_QUEUES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta tasks queues add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a tasks queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta tasks queues add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIQUEUE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a tasks queue's access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Queue resource \- The task queue for which to add IAM policy binding to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [queue] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUEUE\fR
ID of the queue or fully qualified identifier for the queue. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudtasks/v2beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tasks/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with queue 'my\-queue' and location='my\-location', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta tasks queues add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-queue \e
    \-\-location='my\-location' \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha tasks queues add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

