
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORK\-ENDPOINT\-GROUPS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups delete \- delete a Compute Engine network endpoint group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine network endpoint group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the network endpoint group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the network endpoint group is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the network endpoint group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the network endpoint group to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a network endpoint group named \f5\fImy\-neg\fR\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups delete my\-neg \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups delete
$ gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups delete
.RE

