
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container binauthz attestors remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding of a Binary Authorization attestor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container binauthz attestors remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIATTESTOR\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Remove an IAM policy binding of a Binary Authorization attestor.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The Binary Authorization attestor for which to add IAM
policy binding to. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [attestor] on the command line with a
fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbinaryauthorization/v1alpha2\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/binary\-authorization/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To Remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/binaryauthorization.attestorsEditor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
on attesttor 'my_attestor', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz attestors remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my_attestor \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/binaryauthorization.attestorsEditor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

