
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable instances create \- create a new Bigtable instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR \fB\-\-cluster\-zone\fR=\fICLUSTER_ZONE\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-num\-nodes\fR=\fICLUSTER_NUM_NODES\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-storage\-type\fR=\fICLUSTER_STORAGE_TYPE\fR;\ default="ssd"] [\fB\-\-instance\-type\fR=\fIINSTANCE_TYPE\fR;\ default="PRODUCTION"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new Bigtable instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to create. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-zone\fR=\fICLUSTER_ZONE\fR
ID of the zone where the cluster is located. Supported zones are listed at
https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/locations.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Friendly name of the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-num\-nodes\fR=\fICLUSTER_NUM_NODES\fR
Number of nodes to serve.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-storage\-type\fR=\fICLUSTER_STORAGE_TYPE\fR; default="ssd"
Storage class for the cluster. \fICLUSTER_STORAGE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBhdd\fR, \fBssd\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-type\fR=\fIINSTANCE_TYPE\fR; default="PRODUCTION"
The type of instance to create. \fIINSTANCE_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBDEVELOPMENT\fR
Development instances are low\-cost instances meant for development and testing
only. They do not provide high availability and no service level agreement
applies.
.TP 2m
\fBPRODUCTION\fR
Production instances have a minimum of three nodes, provide high availability,
and are suitable for applications in production.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances create
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances create
.RE

