
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI_ENDPOINTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai endpoints delete \- delete an existing AI Platform endpoint



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai endpoints delete\fR (\fIENDPOINT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an existing AI Platform endpoint.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Endpoint resource \- The endpoint to delete. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [endpoint] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENDPOINT\fR
ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud region for the endpoint.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai endpoints delete
.RE

