
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container \- deploy and manage clusters of machines for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploy and manage clusters of machines for running containers.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbinauthz\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage attestations for Binary Authorization on Google Cloud
Platform.

.TP 2m
\fBclusters\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploy and teardown Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBhub\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage clusters registered with Google Cloud Platform.

.TP 2m
\fBimages\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List and manipulate Google Container Registry images.

.TP 2m
\fBmemberships\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Kubernetes Hub memberships.

.TP 2m
\fBnode\-pools\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and delete operations for Google Kubernetes Engine node
pools.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get and list operations for Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBsubnets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage subnets to be used by Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBget\-server\-config\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get Kubernetes Engine server config.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container
$ gcloud beta container
.RE

