
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FILESTORE_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta filestore operations describe \- describe a Cloud Filestore operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta filestore operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Filestore operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The operation to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
(DEPRECATED) Location of the Cloud Filestore instance.

The \f5\-\-location\fR flag is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-zone\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command shows the details for the Cloud Filestore operation named
NAME in us\-central1\-c.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore operations describe NAME \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1\-c
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore operations describe
$ gcloud alpha filestore operations describe
.RE

