
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_SIGN\-JWT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts sign\-jwt \- sign a JWT with a managed service account key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts sign\-jwt\fR \fIINPUT\-FILE\fR \fIOUTPUT\-FILE\fR \fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command signs a JWT using a system\-managed service account
key.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINPUT\-FILE\fR
A path to the file containing the JSON JWT Claim set to be signed.

.TP 2m
\fIOUTPUT\-FILE\fR
A path the resulting signed JWT will be written to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account to sign as.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES:"

To create a sign JWT with a system\-managed service account key, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts sign\-jwt \e
    \-\-iam\-account my\-account@somedomain.com input.json output.jwt
.RE



.SH "SEE ALSO:"

For more information on how this command ties into the wider cloud
infrastructure, please see
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/java/appidentity/.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts sign\-jwt
.RE

