
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_VPN\-TUNNELS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels update \- update a Google Compute Engine VPN tunnel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels update\fR updates labels for a
Google Compute Engine VPN tunnel. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels update example\-tunnel \e
    \-\-region us\-central1 \e
  \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

will add/update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with
key \f5\fIk3\fR\fR.

Labels can be used to identify the VPN tunnel and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels describe example\-tunnel \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the VPN Tunnel to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the VPN Tunnel to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute vpn\-tunnels update
.RE

