
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app domain\-mappings \- view and manage your App Engine domain mappings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app domain\-mappings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This set of commands can be used to view and manage your app's
domain mappings.

App Engine Domain Mappings allow an application to be served via one or many
custom domains, such as \f5example.com\fR, instead of the default
\f5https://<PROJECT\-ID>.<REGION\-ID>.r.appspot.com\fR address. You can use a
custom domain with or without SSL.

Use the AUTOMATIC management type to automatically provision an SSL certificate
for your domain. Use the MANUAL management type to provide your own certificate
or omit SSL.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes a specified domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describes a specified domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Updates a domain mapping.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your App Engine domains, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings list
.RE

To create a domain with an automatically managed certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create 'example.com' \e
    \-\-certificate\-management=AUTOMATIC
.RE

To create a domain with a manual certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create 'example.com'             \e
        \-\-certificate\-management=manual \-\-certificate\-id=1234
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings
.RE

