
.TH "GCLOUD_REDIS_INSTANCES_UPGRADE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud redis instances upgrade \- upgrade a Memorystore for Redis instance to a specified Redis version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud redis instances upgrade\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Upgrade a Memorystore for Redis instance to a specified Redis version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore for Redis
instance you want to upgrade. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Target version of Redis software. You can only upgrade to the next highest
version. For example, you must upgrade an instance from redis_3_2 to redis_4_0
before you can upgrade the instance to redis_5_0. \fIVERSION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBredis_4_0\fR
Redis 4.0 compatibility
.TP 2m
\fBredis_5_0\fR
Redis 5.0 compatibility
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To upgrade an instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in region
\f5us\-central1\fR to Redis version 4.0 run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances upgrade my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-redis\-version=redis_4_0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances upgrade
$ gcloud beta redis instances upgrade
.RE

