
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NOTEBOOKS_INSTANCES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha notebooks instances describe \- request for describing instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha notebooks instances describe\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for describing notbook instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- User\-defined unique name of this instance. The instance
name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only lowercase letters, numeric
characters, and dashes. The first character must be a lowercase letter and the
last character cannot be a dash. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location of this environment
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions\-zones/#locations.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances describe \e
  /projects/example\-project/locations/us\-central1\-b/instances/\e
example\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks instances describe
.RE

