
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_LEVELS_REPLACE\-ALL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels replace\-all \- replace all existing access levels



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels replace\-all\fR [\fIPOLICY\fR] \fB\-\-source\-file\fR=\fISOURCE_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Replace all existing access level in specified access policy with
access levels specified in a file.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

.RS 2m
To replace all levels within a policy, using etag:
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels replace\-all \e
    my\-policy\-number \e
    \-\-source\-file=path\-to\-file\-containing\-all\-replacement\-access\-lev\e
els.yaml \-\-etag=optional\-latest\-etag\-of\-policy
.RE

.RS 2m
To replace all levels within a policy, without using etag:
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels replace\-all \e
    my\-policy\-number \e
    \-\-source\-file=path\-to\-file\-containing\-all\-replacement\-access\-lev\e
els.yaml
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The access policy that contains the levels you want to
replace. This represents a Cloud resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIPOLICY\fR]
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-file\fR=\fISOURCE_FILE\fR
Path to a file containing a list of access levels.

An access level file is a YAML\-formatted list of access levels, which are YAML
objects representing a Basic or Custom level as described in the API reference.
For example:

.RS 2m
\- name: accessPolicies/my_policy/accessLevels/my_level
  title: My Basic Level
  description: Basic level for foo.
  basic:
    combiningFunction: AND
    conditions:
    \- ipSubnetworks:
      \- 192.168.100.14/24
      \- 2001:db8::/48
    \- members
      \- user1:user1@example.com
\- name: accessPolicies/my_policy/accessLevels/my_other_level
  title: My Other Custom Level
  description: Custom level for bar.
  custom:
    expr:
      expression: "origin.region_code in ['US', 'CA']"
.RE

For more information about the alpha version, see:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1alpha/accessPolicies.accessLevels
For other versions, see:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/accessPolicies.accessLevels


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR
An etag which specifies the version of the Access Policy. Only etags that
represent the latest version of the Access Policy will be accepted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager levels replace\-all
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager levels replace\-all
.RE

