
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_GET\-CERTIFICATE\-CHAIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta kms keys versions get\-certificate\-chain \- get a certificate chain for a given version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta kms keys versions get\-certificate\-chain\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-certificate\-chain\-type\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_CHAIN_TYPE\fR;\ default="all"] [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Returns the PEM\-format certificate chain for the specified key
version. The optional flag \f5output\-file\fR indicates the path to store the
PEM. If not specified, the PEM will be printed to stdout.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version from which to get the certificate chain.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-chain\-type\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_CHAIN_TYPE\fR; default="all"
Certificate chain to retrieve. \fICERTIFICATE_CHAIN_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBall\fR, \fBcavium\fR, \fBgoogle\-card\fR, \fBgoogle\-partition\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR
Path to the output file to store PEM.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command saves the Cavium certificate chain for CryptoKey
\f5\fIfrodo\fR\fR Version 2 to \f5\fI/tmp/my/cavium.pem\fR\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions get\-certificate\-chain 2 \e
    \-\-key=frodo \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-certificate\-chain\-type=cavium \-\-output\-file=/tmp/my/cavium.pem
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions get\-certificate\-chain
.RE

