
.TH "GCLOUD_DATA\-CATALOG_TAGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud data\-catalog tags update \- update a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud data\-catalog tags update\fR (\fITAG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\fR=\fIENTRY\fR\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-tag\-file\fR=\fITAG_FILE\fR (\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\-location\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\-project\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_PROJECT\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag. This will overwrite the current values of
the tag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag resource \- Entry tag to update. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [tag] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAG\fR
ID of the tag or fully qualified identifier for the tag. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\fR=\fIENTRY\fR
Entry of the tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-file\fR=\fITAG_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the tag.

The file should contain a JSON/YAML object with a key and value for each field
that should be set. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on how to
specify timestamp fields

For example:

.RS 2m
{
  "dbl_field": 123,
  "str_field": "String",
  "bool_field": true,
  "ts_field": "1970\-01\-01T00:00:00.000Z",
  "enum_field": "ENUM_A",
}
.RE

.TP 2m

Tag template resource \- Tag template. \f5\-\-tag\-template\-location\fR
defaults to the tag's location. \f5\-\-tag\-template\-project\fR defaults to the
tag's project. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
of this resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the tag template or fully qualified identifier for the tag template. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\-location\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_LOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\-project\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_PROJECT\fR
Project of the tag template.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog tags update TAG \-\-tag\-template=TAG_TEMPLATE \e
    \-\-tag\-file=TAG_FILE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tags update
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tags update
.RE

