
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups \- manage Cloud Identity Groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Cloud Identity Groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmemberships\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Identity Groups Memberships.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing group.

.TP 2m
\fBpreview\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieve a list of users in a customer account using CEL query.

.TP 2m
\fBsearch\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Search groups.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups
$ gcloud beta identity groups
.RE

