
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTP\-PROXIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies \- list, create, and delete target HTTP proxies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

For more information about target HTTP proxies, see the target HTTP proxies
documentation (https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/target\-proxies).

See also: Target HTTP proxies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/targetHttpProxies) and
Regional target HTTP proxies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionTargetHttpProxies).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete target HTTP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine target HTTP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a target HTTP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies
$ gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies
.RE

