
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds triggers run \- run a build trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds triggers run\fR \fITRIGGER\fR (\fB\-\-branch\fR=\fIBRANCH\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-sha\fR=\fISHA\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run a build trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Trigger resource \- Build Trigger. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [trigger] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITRIGGER\fR
ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository source. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-branch\fR=\fIBRANCH\fR
Git branch to run trigger against.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sha\fR=\fISHA\fR
Git commit SHA to run trigger against.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR
Git tag to run trigger against.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudbuild/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To run a build trigger at the master branch, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers run \-\-branch=master my\-trigger
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds triggers run
.RE

