
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_MAPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps \- manage Certificate Manager certificate maps



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing certificate maps.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBentries\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Certificate Manager certificate map entries.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a certificate map.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a certificate map.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing certificate map.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List certificate maps.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a certificate map.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

