
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_READ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging read \- read log entries



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging read\fR [\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-freshness\fR=\fIFRESHNESS\fR;\ default="1d"] [\fB\-\-order\fR=\fIORDER\fR;\ default="desc"] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha logging read reads log entries. Log entries matching
\fBlog\-filter\fR are returned in order of decreasing timestamps, most\-recent
entries first. If the log entries come from multiple logs, then entries from
different logs might be intermingled in the results.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fILOG_FILTER\fR]
Filter expression that specifies the log entries to return. A detailed guide on
basic and advanced filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/overview


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-freshness\fR=\fIFRESHNESS\fR; default="1d"
Return entries that are not older than this value. Works only with DESC ordering
and filters without a timestamp. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-order\fR=\fIORDER\fR; default="desc"
Ordering of returned log entries based on timestamp field. \fIORDER\fR must be
one of: \fBdesc\fR, \fBasc\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These arguments are used in conjunction with the parent to construct a view
resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
Id of the bucket. If this argument is provided then \f5\-\-location\fR and
\f5\-\-view\fR must also be specified. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the bucket. If this argument is provided then \f5\-\-bucket\fR and
\f5\-\-view\fR must also be specified. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR
Id of the view. If this argument is provided then \f5\-\-location\fR and
\f5\-\-bucket\fR must also be specified. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To read log entries from Google Compute Engine instances, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging read "resource.type=gce_instance"
.RE

To read log entries with severity ERROR or higher, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging read "severity>=ERROR"
.RE

To read log entries written in a specific time window, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging read \e
    'timestamp<="2015\-05\-31T23:59:59Z" AND
 timestamp>="2015\-05\-31T00:00:00Z"'
.RE

To read up to 10 log entries in your project's syslog log from Compute Engine
instances containing payloads that include the word \f5SyncAddress\fR and format
the output in \f5JSON\fR format, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging read \e
    "resource.type=gce_instance AND\e
 logName=projects/[PROJECT_ID]/logs/syslog AND\e
 textPayload:SyncAddress" \-\-limit=10 \-\-format=json
.RE

To read a log entry from a folder, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging read "resource.type=global" \e
    \-\-folder=[FOLDER_ID] \-\-limit=1
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging read
$ gcloud beta logging read
.RE

