
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_SET\-TARGET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules set\-target \- modify a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a new target



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR) [\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR;\ default="EXTERNAL"] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\-target\-http\-proxy\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\-region\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\-target\-https\-proxy\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\-region\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules set\-target\fR is used to
set a new target for a forwarding.RS 2m
rule.         A forwarding rule directs traffic that matches a destination IP address
 (and possibly a TCP or UDP port) to a
forwarding target (load balancer, VPN gateway or VM instance).
.RE

Forwarding rules can be either global or regional, specified with the
\f5\fI\-\-global\fR\fR or \f5\fI\-\-region=REGION\fR\fR flags. For more
information about the scope of a forwarding rule, refer to
https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/forwarding\-rule\-concepts.

Forwarding rules can be external, internal, internal managed, or internal
self\-managed, specified with the
\f5\fI\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=[EXTERNAL|INTERNAL|INTERNAL_MANAGED|INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED]\fR\fR
flag. External forwarding rules are accessible from the internet, while internal
forwarding rules are only accessible from within their VPC networks. You can
specify a reserved static external or internal IP address with the
\f5\fI\-\-address=ADDRESS\fR\fR flag for the forwarding rule. Otherwise, if the
flag is unspecified, an ephemeral IP address is automatically assigned (global
IP addresses for global forwarding rules and regional IP addresses for regional
forwarding rules); an internal forwarding rule is automatically assigned an
ephemeral internal IP address from the subnet specified with the
\f5\fI\-\-subnet\fR\fR flag. You must provide an IP address for an internal
self\-managed forwarding rule.

Different types of load balancers work at different layers of the OSI networking
model (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_layer). Layer 3/4 targets include
target pools, target SSL proxies, target TCP proxies, and backend services.
Layer 7 targets include target HTTP proxies and target HTTPS proxies. For more
information, refer to
https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/forwarding\-rule\-concepts.


.RS 2m
When creating a forwarding rule, exactly one of  `_\-\-target\-instance_`,
`_\-\-target\-pool_`, `_\-\-target\-http\-proxy_`, `_\-\-target\-https\-proxy_`,
`_\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy_`, `_\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy_` or
`_\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway_` must be specified.
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the forwarding rule to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE\fR
Target backend service that receives the traffic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY\fR
Target HTTP proxy that receives the traffic. Acceptable values for \-\-ports
flag are: 80, 8080.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY\fR
Target HTTPS proxy that receives the traffic. Acceptable values for \-\-ports
flag are: 443.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE\fR
Name of the target instance that receives the traffic. The target instance must
be in a zone in the forwarding rule's region. Global forwarding rules cannot
direct traffic to target instances. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=\fITARGET_POOL\fR
Target pool that receives the traffic. The target pool must be in the same
region as the forwarding rule. Global forwarding rules cannot direct traffic to
target pools.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-ssl\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_SSL_PROXY\fR
Target SSL proxy that receives the traffic. Acceptable values for \-\-ports flag
are: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883, 5222.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-tcp\-proxy\fR=\fITARGET_TCP_PROXY\fR
Target TCP proxy that receives the traffic. Acceptable values for \-\-ports flag
are: 25, 43, 110, 143, 195, 443, 465, 587, 700, 993, 995, 1883, 5222.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
Target VPN gateway (Cloud VPN Classic gateway) that receives forwardedtraffic.
Acceptable values for \-\-ports flag are: 500, 4500.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme\fR=\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR; default="EXTERNAL"
This defines the forwarding rule's load balancing scheme.
\fILOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBEXTERNAL\fR
External load balancing or forwarding, used with one of \-\-target\-http\-proxy,
\-\-target\-https\-proxy, \-\-target\-tcp\-proxy, \-\-target\-ssl\-proxy,
\-\-target\-pool, \-\-target\-vpn\-gateway, \-\-target\-instance.
.TP 2m
\fBINTERNAL\fR
Internal load balancing or forwarding, used with \-\-backend\-service.
.TP 2m
\fBINTERNAL_MANAGED\fR
Internal HTTP(S) Load Balancing, used with \-\-target\-http\-proxy,
\-\-target\-https\-proxy.
.TP 2m
\fBINTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED\fR
Traffic director load balancing or forwarding, used with
\-\-target\-http\-proxy, \-\-target\-https\-proxy.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
(Only for \-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=INTERNAL or
\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=INTERNAL_SELF_MANAGED or
\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=INTERNAL_MANAGED) Network that this forwarding rule
applies to. If this field is not specified, the default network is used. In the
absence of the default network, this field must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
(Only for \-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=INTERNAL and
\-\-load\-balancing\-scheme=INTERNAL_MANAGED) Subnetwork that this forwarding
rule applies to. If the network is auto mode, this flag is optional. If the
network is custom mode, this flag is required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR
Region of the subnetwork to operate on. If not specified, the region is set to
the region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-instance\-zone\fR=\fITARGET_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
Zone of the target instance to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\-region\fR=\fITARGET_POOL_REGION\fR
Region of the target pool to operate on. If not specified, the region is set to
the region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
Region of the VPN gateway to operate on. If not specified, the region is set to
the region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backend\-service\-region\fR=\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_REGION\fR
Region of the backend service to operate on. If not specified, the region is set
to the region of the forwarding rule. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-backend\-service\fR
If set, the backend service is global.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the forwarding rule to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-target\-http\-proxy\fR
If set, the http proxy is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-http\-proxy\-region\fR=\fITARGET_HTTP_PROXY_REGION\fR
Region of the http proxy to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-target\-https\-proxy\fR
If set, the https proxy is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-https\-proxy\-region\fR=\fITARGET_HTTPS_PROXY_REGION\fR
Region of the https proxy to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute forwarding\-rules set\-target
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules set\-target
.RE

