
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SSL\-POLICIES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies import \- import an SSL policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies import\fR \fISSL_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR If the specified SSL policy already exists, it will be
overwritten. Otherwise, a new SSL policy will be created. To edit an SSL policy
you can export the SSL policy to a file, edit its configuration, and then import
the new configuration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISSL_POLICY\fR
Name of the SSL policy to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a YAML file containing ssl policy configuration export data. The YAML
file must not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this
flag to read from standard input. A schema describing the export/import format
can be found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/alpha/SslPolicy.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

