
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a secret



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISECRET\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Removes a policy binding from the IAM policy of a secret. One
binding consists of a member and a role.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Secret resource \- Name of the secret from which to remove IAM policy binding.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [secret] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECRET\fR
ID of the secret or fully qualified identifier for the secret.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecretmanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/secret\-manager/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/viewer' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the my\-secret, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-secret \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/viewer'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

