
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors describe \- describe an Attestor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors describe\fR \fIATTESTOR\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The attestor to describe. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [ATTESTOR] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an existing Attestor \f5my_attestor\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors describe my_attestor
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz attestors describe
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors describe
.RE

