
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_BUCKETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging buckets create \- creates a bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging buckets create\fR \fIBUCKET_ID\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-retention\-days\fR=\fIRETENTION_DAYS\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a bucket.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBUCKET_ID\fR
ID of the bucket to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location in which to create the bucket. Once the bucket is created, the location
cannot be changed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retention\-days\fR=\fIRETENTION_DAYS\fR
The period logs will be retained, after which logs will automatically be
deleted. The default is 30 days.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

