
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_HUB_MEMBERSHIPS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container hub memberships delete \- delete a membership



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container hub memberships delete\fR (\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command deletes the Hub membership resource corresponding to
the cluster.

This command is intended to delete stale Hub Membership resources as doing so on
a fully registered cluster will skip uninstalling the Connect Agent and and
orphan in\-cluster resources and agent connections to Google. To completely
unregister the cluster, consider using the command: \f5gcloud alpha container
hub memberships unregister\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Membership resource \- The cluster membership to delete. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [membership] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR
ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the membership. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgkehub/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster\-management/connect/registering\-a\-cluster



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Delete a membership from Hub:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub memberships delete a\-membership
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub memberships delete
$ gcloud beta container hub memberships delete
.RE

