
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DRY\-RUN_ENFORCE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run enforce \- enforces a Service Perimeter's dry\-run configuration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run enforce\fR (\fIPERIMETER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Copies a Service Perimeter's dry\-run mode configuration to its
enforcement mode configuration and unsets the explicit dry\-run spec. After this
operation succeeds, the Service Perimeter will not have an explicit dry\-run
mode configuration, and, instead, the previous dry\-run mode configuration will
become the enforcement mode configuration. The operation will not be performed
if there is no explicit dry\-run mode configuration or if the dry\-run mode
configuration is incompatible with the overall enforcement mode VPC Service
Controls policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Perimeter resource \- The service perimeter to reset. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPERIMETER\fR
ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enforce the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter:


.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run enforce \e
    my\-perimeter
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run enforce
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run enforce
.RE

