
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_FINDINGS_LIST\-MARKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc findings list\-marks \- list a finding's security marks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc findings list\-marks\fR (\fIFINDING\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ \fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR) [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List a finding's security marks.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Finding resource \- The finding to be used for the SCC (Security Command Center)
command. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFINDING\fR
ID of the finding or fully qualified identifier for the finding. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
(Optional) If the full resource name isn't provided e.g. organizations/123, then
provide the organization id which is the suffix of the organization. Example:
organizations/123, the id is 123.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
(Optional) If the full resource name isn't provided e.g.
organizations/123/sources/456, then provide the source id which is the suffix of
the source. Example: organizations/123/sources/456, the id is 456.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
Response objects will return a non\-null value for page\-token to indicate that
there is at least one additional page of data. User can either directly request
that page by specifying the page\-token explicitly or let gcloud fetch
one\-page\-at\-a\-time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR
Time used as a reference point when filtering. Absence of this field will
default to the API's version of NOW. For example \-\-read\-time
"2019\-02\-28T07:00:00Z"


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all security marks for my\-finding under organization 123456 and source
5678:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings list\-marks my\-finding \e
    \-\-organization=123456 \-\-source 5678
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings list\-marks
$ gcloud beta scc findings list\-marks
.RE

