
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ATTACH\-DISK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances attach\-disk \- attach a disk to an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances attach\-disk\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR [\fB\-\-boot\fR] [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\-scope\fR=\fIDISK_SCOPE\fR;\ default="zonal"] [\fB\-\-force\-attach\fR] [\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR;\ default="rw"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances attach\-disk\fR is used to attach
a disk to an instance. For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances attach\-disk example\-instance \e
    \-\-disk DISK \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

attaches the disk named 'DISK' to the instance named 'example\-instance' in zone
\f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR.

After you create and attach a new disk to an instance, you must format and mount
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/add\-persistent\-disk#formatting)
the disk so that the operating system can use the available storage space.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR
The name of the disk to attach to the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\fR
Attach the disk to the instance as a boot disk.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks.

If you pass \f5\-\fR as value of the flag the CSEK will be read from stdin. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
An optional name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. (Note: Device name does not correspond to mounted volume name). Must match
the disk name if the disk is going to be mounted to a container with
\-\-container\-mount\-disk (alpha feature).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-scope\fR=\fIDISK_SCOPE\fR; default="zonal"
The scope of the disk. \fIDISK_SCOPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregional\fR
The disk specified in \-\-disk is interpreted as a regional disk in the same
region as the instance. Ignored if a full URI is provided to the \f5\-\-disk\fR
flag.
.TP 2m
\fBzonal\fR
The disk specified in \-\-disk is interpreted as a zonal disk in the same zone
as the instance. Ignored if a full URI is provided to the \f5\-\-disk\fR flag.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-attach\fR
Attach the disk to the instance even if it is currently attached to another
instance. The attachment will succeed even if detaching from the previous
instance fails at first. The server will continue trying to detach the disk from
the previous instance in the background.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR; default="rw"
Specifies the mode of the disk. \fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBro\fR
Read\-only.
.TP 2m
\fBrw\fR
Read\-write. It is an error to attach a disk in read\-write mode to more than
one instance.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances attach\-disk
$ gcloud alpha compute instances attach\-disk
.RE

