
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc workflow templates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc workflow templates.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-job\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add Google Cloud Dataproc jobs to workflow template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBinstantiate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Instantiate a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List workflow templates.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-job\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove a job from workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Run a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-cluster\-selector\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set cluster selector for the workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-managed\-cluster\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set a managed cluster for the workflow template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates create my_template
.RE

To instantiate a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate my_template
.RE

To delete a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates delete my_template
.RE

To view the details of a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates describe my_template
.RE

To see the list of all workflow templates, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates list
.RE

To remove a job from a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates remove\-job my_template \e
    \-\-step\-id id
.RE

To update managed cluster in a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster \e
    my_template \-\-num\-masters 5
.RE

To update cluster selector in a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-cluster\-selector \e
    my_template \-\-num\-workers 5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

