
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRY\-GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog entry\-groups create \- create a Cloud Data Catalog entry group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog entry\-groups create\fR (\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry group resource \- Entry group to create. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [entry_group] on the command line with
a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
ID of the entry group or fully qualified identifier for the entry group. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry group.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the entry group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human\-readable name of the entry group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an entry group for some data, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entry\-groups create group1 \e
  \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-display\-name="analytics data \- jan 2011" \e
  \-\-description="Entries related to January 2011 analytics data."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups create
.RE

