
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_KMS_KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta kms keys \- create and manage keys



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta kms keys\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR A key represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic
operations.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage versions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a key.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new key.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get metadata for a given key.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List the keys within a keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a key.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-rotation\-schedule\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove the rotation schedule for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-primary\-version\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the primary version of a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-rotation\-schedule\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update the rotation schedule for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys
$ gcloud alpha kms keys
.RE

