
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_DEPLOYMENTS_CANCEL\-PREVIEW" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview \- cancel a pending or running deployment preview



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview\fR \fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-fingerprint\fR=\fIFINGERPRINT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command will cancel a currently running or pending preview
operation on a deployment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR
Deployment name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-fingerprint\fR=\fIFINGERPRINT\fR
The fingerprint to use in requests to modify a deployment. If not specified, a
get deployment request will be made to fetch the latest fingerprint. A
fingerprint is a randomly generated value that is part of the update, stop, and
cancel\-preview request to perform optimistic locking. It is initially generated
by Deployment Manager and changes after every request to modify data. The latest
fingerprint is printed when deployment data is modified.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel a running operation on a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview \e
    my\-deployment
.RE

To issue a cancel preview command without waiting for the operation to complete,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview \e
    my\-deployment \-\-async
.RE

To cancel a preview command providing a fingerprint:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview \e
    my\-deployment \-\-fingerprint deployment\-fingerprint
.RE

When a deployment preview is cancelled, the deployment itself is not deleted.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview
.RE

