
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_LOGGING_BUCKETS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta logging buckets update \- updates a bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta logging buckets update\fR \fIBUCKET_ID\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-retention\-days\fR=\fIRETENTION_DAYS\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Updates the properties of a bucket.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBUCKET_ID\fR
The id of the bucket to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A new description for the bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retention\-days\fR=\fIRETENTION_DAYS\fR
A new retention period for the bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a bucket in your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging buckets update my\-bucket \-\-location=global \e
   \-\-description=my\-new\-description
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging buckets update
.RE

