
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis instances create \- create a Memorystore Redis instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis instances create\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-alternative\-zone\fR=\fIALTERNATIVE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-redis\-config\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-reserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED_IP_RANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR;\ default="basic"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Redis instance with the given name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
An instance with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create instances.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

INSTANCE \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis instance you
want to create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the
property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance or a fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-alternative\-zone\fR=\fIALTERNATIVE_ZONE\fR
A secondary zone for the Redis instance to create. Only applicable to
STANDARD_HA tier which protects the instance against zonal failures by
provisioning it across two zones. If provided, it must be a different zone from
the one provided through \-\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A human\-readable name for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
The name of the Google Compute Engine network to which the instance will be
connected. If left unspecified, the default network will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redis\-config\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
A list of Redis config KEY=VALUE pairs to set on the instance according to
http://redis.io/topics/config. Currently, the only supported parameters are:
maxmemory\-policy, notify\-keyspace\-events.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-redis\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version of Redis software. \fIVERSION\fR must be (currently only one value
is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBredis_3_2\fR
Deploy Redis 3.2

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED_IP_RANGE\fR
The CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this instance. For
example, 10.0.0.0/29 or 192.168.0.0/29. Range must be unique and
non\-overlapping with existing ranges in the network. If left unspecified, the
service will automatically pick an available range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR; default=1
The memory size of the instance in GiB. If not provided, size of 1 GiB will be
used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR; default="basic"
The service tier of the instance. \fITIER\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbasic\fR
Basic Redis instance with no replication
.TP 2m
\fBstandard\fR
Standard high\-availability Redis instance with replication

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the Redis instance to create. If not provided the service will pick
a random zone in the region. For STANDARD_HA tier, instances will be created
across two zones for protection against zonal failures. So if
\-\-alternative\-zone is also provided, it must be different from \-\-zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a basic tier instance with the name
\f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in region \f5us\-central1\fR with memory size of 5
GiB:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances create my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-size=5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta redis instances create
.RE

