
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SOURCE_REPOS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha source repos \- manage cloud source repositories



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha source repos\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage cloud source repositories.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBclone\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Clone a cloud source repository.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a cloud source repository.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a cloud source repository.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a cloud source repository.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for the named cloud source repository.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the repositories the currently active project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for the named repository.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the configuration of a Cloud Source Repository.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud source repos
$ gcloud beta source repos
.RE

