
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SOURCE_REPOS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha source repos delete \- delete a cloud source repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha source repos delete\fR \fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command deletes a named git repository from the currently
active Google Cloud Platform project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR
Name of the repository.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
(REMOVED) If provided, skip the delete confirmation prompt.

The \-\-force option has been removed; use \-\-quiet to suppress prompting.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a named repository in the current project issue the following
commands:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud init
$ gcloud alpha source repos delete REPOSITORY_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud source repos delete
$ gcloud beta source repos delete
.RE

