
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SIMULATE\-MAINTENANCE\-EVENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances simulate\-maintenance\-event \- simulate maintenance of virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances simulate\-maintenance\-event\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances simulate\-maintenance\-event\fR
simulates a maintenance event on Google Compute Engine virtual machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR ...]
Names of the instances to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instances to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To simulate a maintenance event on an instance named \f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR
located in zone \f5\fIus\-east1\-d\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances simulate\-maintenance\-event \e
    test\-instance \-\-zone=us\-east1\-d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances simulate\-maintenance\-event
$ gcloud beta compute instances simulate\-maintenance\-event
.RE

