
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed update \- update Google Compute Engine managed instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-autohealing\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR\ \fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed update\fR allows
you to specify or modify AutoHealingPolicy for an existing managed instance
group.

When updating the AutoHealingPolicy, you may specify the health check, initial
delay, or both. If the field is unspecified, its value won't be modified. If
\f5\-\-health\-check\fR is specified, the health check will be used to monitor
the health of your application. Whenever the health check signal for the
instance becomes \f5UNHEALTHY\fR, the autohealing action (\f5RECREATE\fR) on an
instance will be performed.

If no health check is specified, the instance autohealing will be triggered by
the instance status only (i.e. the autohealing action (\f5RECREATE\fR) on an
instance will be performed if \f5instance.status\fR is not \f5RUNNING\fR).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Specify type of instance redistribution policy. Instance redistribution type
gives possibility to enable or disable automatic instance redistribution between
zones to its target distribution. Target distribution is a state of regional
managed instance group where all instances are spread out equally between all
target zones.

Instance redistribution type may be specified for non\-autoscaled regional
managed instance group only. By default it is set to PROACTIVE.

The following types are available:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
NONE \- managed instance group will not take any action to bring instances to
its target distribution.

.IP "\(em" 2m
PROACTIVE \- managed instance group will actively converge all instances between
zones to its target distribution.

.RE
.RE
.sp
\fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBNONE\fR, \fBPROACTIVE\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-autohealing\fR
Clears all autohealing policy fields for the managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR
Specifies the length of time during which the instance is known to be
initializing and should not be autohealed even if unhealthy. This value cannot
be greater than 1 hour. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
Name of the health check to operate on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTP health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTPS health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpsHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to update. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to update. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed update
.RE

