
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APIGEE_APIS_UNDEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy \- undeploy an Apigee API proxy from an environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy\fR [[\fIREVISION\fR]\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR\ \fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Undeploy an Apigee API proxy from an environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- API proxy revision to be undeployed and environment from
which it should be removed. Revisions can either be a positive revision number,
or the special value \f5\fIauto\fR\fR, which will undeploy whatever revision is
currently deployed. If revision is unspecified, the default is \f5\fIauto\fR\fR.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIREVISION\fR]
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
API proxy to be undeployed. Must currently be deployed. To get a list of
available deployed proxies, run \f5gcloud beta apigee deployments list
\-\-environment=ENV\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
Environment from which to undeploy the API proxy. To get a list of available
environments, run \f5gcloud beta apigee environments list\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization of the proxy and environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To undeploy an API proxy called \f5\fImy\-api\fR\fR from the \f5\fItest\fR\fR
environment of the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy \-\-environment=test \-\-api=my\-api
.RE

To undeploy revision 3 of an \f5my\-api\fR from the \f5test\fR environment of
the organization named \f5\fItest\-org\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy 3 \-\-organization=test\-org \e
    \-\-environment=test \-\-api=my\-api
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee apis undeploy
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis undeploy
.RE

