
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CLOUD\-SHELL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha cloud\-shell \- manage Google Cloud Shell



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha cloud\-shell\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud shell command group lets you interact with and connect
to your Google Cloud Shell environment.

More information on Cloud Shell can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/shell/docs/.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBget\-mount\-command\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Prints a command to mount the Cloud Shell home directory via
sshfs.

.TP 2m
\fBscp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Copies files between Cloud Shell and the local machine.

.TP 2m
\fBssh\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Allows you to establish an interactive SSH session with Cloud
Shell.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

The previous \fBgcloud alpha shell\fR command to launch an interactive shell was
renamed to \fBgcloud alpha interactive\fR.

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

