
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_GAME_SERVERS_DEPLOYMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta game servers deployments create \- create a Deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta game servers deployments create\fR (\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Game Server Deployment.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create Game Server Deployment 'my\-deployment' in project 'my\-project' and
location in 'global'(deployments only support the 'global' location) run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers deployments create my\-deployment \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-description=description \e
\-\-labels=a=x,b=y
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Deployment resource \- Cloud Game Server Deployment to create. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [deployment] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the deployment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Game server deployment description.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud game servers deployments create
$ gcloud alpha game servers deployments create
.RE

