
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances \- read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

For more information about virtual machine instances, see the virtual machine
instances documentation (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/).

See also: Instances API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\-interfaces\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine VM instance network interfaces.

.TP 2m
\fBos\-inventory\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Read Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related Resources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-access\-config\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access
configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-metadata\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add or update instance metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-resource\-policies\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add resource policies to Google Compute Engine VM instances.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-tags\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add tags to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBattach\-disk\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Attach a disk to an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-with\-container\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Creates Google Compute engine virtual machine instances running
container images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-access\-config\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network
interface.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdetach\-disk\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's configuration to
a file.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-guest\-attributes\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-screenshot\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Capture a screenshot (JPEG image) of the virtual machine instance's
display.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-serial\-port\-output\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-shielded\-identity\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the Shielded identity for a Google Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances from virtual
appliance in OVA/OVF format.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Move an instance and its attached persistent disks between zones.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-metadata\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove instance metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-tags\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove tags from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Reset a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBresume\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Resume a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set auto\-delete behavior for disks.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-machine\-type\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set machine type for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-scheduling\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-scopes\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set scopes and service account for a Google Compute Engine
instance.

.TP 2m
\fBsimulate\-maintenance\-event\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Simulate maintenance of virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Stop a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBsuspend\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Suspend a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBtail\-serial\-port\-output\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's
serial port and display it as it becomes available.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-access\-config\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine access
configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-container\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Updates Google Compute engine virtual machine instances running
container images.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances
$ gcloud alpha compute instances
.RE

