
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute routers create \- create a Compute Engine router



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute routers create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-advertisement\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR] [\fB\-\-asn\fR=\fIASN\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute routers create\fR is used to create a
router to provide dynamic routing to VPN tunnels and interconnects.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the router to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The network for this router


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-advertisement\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
The new advertisement mode for this router. \fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCUSTOM\fR
Custom (user\-configured) BGP advertisements.
.TP 2m
\fBDEFAULT\fR
Default (Google\-managed) BGP advertisements.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asn\fR=\fIASN\fR
The optional BGP autonomous system number (ASN) for this router. Must be a
16\-bit or 32\-bit private ASN as defined in
https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6996, for example \f5\-\-asn=64512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this router.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the router to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]
The list of pre\-defined groups of IP ranges to dynamically advertise on this
router. This list can only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

\fIGROUP\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBALL_SUBNETS\fR
Automatically advertise all available subnets.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]
The list of individual IP ranges, in CIDR format, to dynamically advertise on
this router. Each IP range can (optionally) be given a text description DESC.
For example, to advertise a specific range, use
\f5\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24\fR. To store a description
with the range, use
\f5\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24=my\-networks\fR. This list can
only be specified in custom advertisement mode.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers create
$ gcloud beta compute routers create
.RE

