
.TH "GCLOUD_IOT_REGISTRIES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iot registries set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a device registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iot registries set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a device registry, given a
REGISTRY and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy. If the
given policy file specifies an "etag" value, then the replacement will succeed
only if the policy already in place matches that etag. (An etag obtained via $
gcloud iot registries get\-iam\-policy will prevent the replacement if the
policy for the device registry has been subsequently updated.) A policy file
that does not contain an etag value will replace any existing policy for the
device registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry for which to set IAM policy. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a device registry with identifier 'my\-registry'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries set\-iam\-policy \-\-region us\-central1 \e
    my\-registry policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot registries set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta iot registries set\-iam\-policy
.RE

