
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services \- list, enable and disable APIs and services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud services command group lets you manage your project's
access to services provided by Google and third parties.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBapi\-keys\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage api keys.

.TP 2m
\fBidentity\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage service identity.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Operation for various services.

.TP 2m
\fBquota\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage service consumer quota.

.TP 2m
\fBvpc\-peerings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR VPC Peerings to various services.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disable a service for consumption for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enables a service for consumption for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List services for a project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to enable a service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services enable \-\-help
.RE

To see how to list services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services list \-\-help
.RE

To see how to disable a service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services disable \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services
$ gcloud beta services
.RE

