
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute addresses \- read and manipulate Compute Engine addresses



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute addresses\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine addresses.

For more information about addresses, see the addresses documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/ip\-addresses/).

See also: Addresses API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/addresses).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Reserve IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Release reserved IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about an address.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List addresses.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine address.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses
$ gcloud beta compute addresses
.RE

