
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATASTORE_INDEXES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha datastore indexes describe \- show details about an Cloud Datastore index



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha datastore indexes describe\fR \fIINDEX\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about an Cloud Datastore index.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Index resource \- The index you want to get the details of. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[index] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
ID of the index or fully qualified identifier for the index.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatastore/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datastore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the index with id \f5exampleIndexId\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha datastore indexes describe exampleIndexId
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore indexes describe
$ gcloud beta datastore indexes describe
.RE

