
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis instances delete \- delete a Redis instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis instances delete\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Memorystore Redis instance.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The instance specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given instance.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

INSTANCE \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis instance you
want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the
property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance or a fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes an instance with the name
\f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in your default region:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances delete my\-redis\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta redis instances delete
.RE

