
.TH "GCLOUD_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud access\-context\-manager perimeters update \- update an existing access zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud access\-context\-manager perimeters update\fR (\fIPERIMETER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-access\-levels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-resources\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-restricted\-services\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update an existing access zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Perimeter resource \- The service perimeter to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPERIMETER\fR
ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Long\-form description of service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
Short human\-readable title of the service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Type of the perimeter.

A \fBregular\fR perimeter allows resources within this service perimeter to
import and export data amongst themselves. A project may belong to at most one
regular service perimeter.

A \fBbridge\fR perimeter allows resources in different regular service
perimeters to import and export data between each other. A project may belong to
multiple bridge service perimeters (only if it also belongs to a regular service
perimeter). Both restricted and unrestricted service lists, as well as access
level lists, must be empty.

\fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBbridge\fR, \fBregular\fR.

.TP 2m

These flags modify the member access levels of this perimeter. An
intra\-perimeter request must satisfy these access levels (for example,
\f5MY_LEVEL\fR; must be in the same access policy as this perimeter) to be
allowed. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current access levels.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-access\-levels\fR
Empty the current access levels.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current access levels.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]
Completely replace the current access levels with the given values.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member resources of this perimeter. Resources must be
projects, in the form \f5projects/<projectnumber>\fR. At most one of these may
be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-resources\fR
Empty the current resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]
Completely replace the current resources with the given values.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member restricted services of this perimeter. The
perimeter boundary DOES apply to these services (for example,
\f5storage.googleapis.com\fR). At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current restricted services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-restricted\-services\fR
Empty the current restricted services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current restricted services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]
Completely replace the current restricted services with the given values.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters update
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters update
.RE

