
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_APP\-PROFILES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles update \- update a Bigtable app profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles update\fR (\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-route\-any\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-route\-to\fR=\fIROUTE_TO\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-transactional\-writes\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Bigtable app profile.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

App profile resource \- The app profile to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [app_profile] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR
ID of the app profile or fully qualified identifier for the app profile. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Bigtable instance for the app profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Friendly name of the app profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Ignore warnings and force update.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Multi Cluster Routing Policy

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-route\-any\fR
Use Multi Cluster Routing policy.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Single Cluster Routing Policy

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-route\-to\fR=\fIROUTE_TO\fR
Cluster ID to route to using Single Cluster Routing policy. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transactional\-writes\fR
Allow transactional writes with a Single Cluster Routing policy.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update an app profile to use a multi\-cluster routing policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles update my\-app\-profile\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \-\-route\-any
.RE

To update an app profile to use a single\-cluster routing policy that routes all
requests to \f5my\-cluster\-id\fR and allows transactional writes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles update my\-app\-profile\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \-\-route\-to=my\-cluster\-id \e
    \-\-transactional\-writes
.RE

To update the description for an app profile, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles update my\-app\-profile\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \-\-description="New description"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable app\-profiles update
$ gcloud alpha bigtable app\-profiles update
.RE

