
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-services describe \- display detailed information about a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-services describe\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute backend\-services describe\fR displays all
data associated with a backend service in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
The name of the backend service to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to describe. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a global backend service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-services describe \-\-global
.RE

To get details about a regional backend service in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR
regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-services describe \-\-region us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services describe
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services describe
.RE

