
.TH "GCLOUD_AI\-PLATFORM_JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ai\-platform jobs describe \- describe an AI Platform job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ai\-platform jobs describe\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fB\-\-summarize\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Describe an AI Platform job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
Name of the job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-summarize\fR
Summarize job output in a set of human readable tables instead of rendering the
entire resource as json or yaml. The tables currently rendered are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Job Overview\fR: Overview of job including, jobId, status and create time.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Training Input Summary\fR: Summary of input for a training job including
region, main training python module and scale tier.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Training Output Summary\fR: Summary of output for a training job including
the amount of ML units consumed by the job.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Training Output Trials\fR: Summary of hyperparameter trials run for a
hyperparameter tuning training job.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Predict Input Summary\fR: Summary of input for a prediction job including
region, model verion and output path.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Predict Output Summary\fR: Summary of output for a prediction job including
prediction count and output path.

.RE
.RE
.sp
This flag overrides the \f5\-\-format\fR flag. If both are present on the
command line, a warning is displayed.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the AI Platform job named \f5\fImy\-job\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
gcloud ai\-platform jobs describe my\-job
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform jobs describe
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform jobs describe
.RE

