
.TH "GCLOUD_FILESTORE_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud filestore instances update \- update a Cloud Filestore instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud filestore instances update\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=[\fIcapacity\fR=\fICAPACITY\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\-region\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\-REGION\fR]] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a Cloud Filestore instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to update. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the Cloud Filestore instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=[\fIcapacity\fR=\fICAPACITY\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\-region\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\-REGION\fR]
File share configuration for an instance. Specifying both \f5name\fR and
\f5capacity\fR is required.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcapacity\fR
The desired size of the volume. The capacity must be a whole number followed by
a size unit such as \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. If no size unit is specified,
GB is assumed. The minimum size for a standard instance is 1TB. The minimum size
for a premium instance is 2.5TB.

.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
The desired logical name of the volume.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
(DEPRECATED) Location of the Cloud Filestore instance.

The \f5\-\-location\fR flag is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-zone\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates the Cloud Filestore instance NAME to change the
description to "A new description."

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances update NAME \e
    \-\-description="A new description."
.RE

The following command updates a Cloud Filestore instance named NAME to add the
label "key1=value1" and remove any metadata with the label "key2".

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances update NAME \e
    \-\-update\-labels=key1=value1 \-\-remove\-labels=key2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore instances update
.RE

