
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_JOBS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine jobs \- cloud ML Engine Jobs commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine jobs\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud ML Engine Jobs commands.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBsubmit\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud ML Engine Jobs submit commands.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a running Cloud ML Engine job.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud ML Engine job.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing Cloud ML Engine jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBstream\-logs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show logs from a running Cloud ML Engine job.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud ML Engine jobs.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine jobs
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine jobs
.RE

