
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS_QUEUES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks queues \- manage Cloud Tasks queues



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks queues\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud Tasks queues. If you have early
access to Cloud Tasks, refer to the following guide for more information about
the different queue target types:
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-tasks/docs/queue\-types. For access, sign up
here: https://goo.gl/Ya0AZd



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a tasks queue.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-app\-engine\-queue\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create an App Engine queue.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-pull\-queue\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a pull queue.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a queue.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a queue.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a queue.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all queues.

.TP 2m
\fBpause\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Pause a queue.

.TP 2m
\fBpurge\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Purge a queue by deleting all of its tasks.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a tasks queue.

.TP 2m
\fBresume\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request to resume a paused or disabled queue.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a queue.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-app\-engine\-queue\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an App Engine queue.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-pull\-queue\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a pull queue.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta tasks queues
.RE

