
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_EXPORT_GCS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores export gcs \- export Cloud Healthcare API FHIR resources to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores export gcs\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export Cloud Healthcare API FHIR resources to Google Cloud Storage.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store to export resources from.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[fhir_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR
The Cloud Storage destination location. Specify a path to a Cloud Storage bucket
or folder rather than a concrete object. The exported outputs are organized by
FHIR resource types. The server will create one object per resource type. Each
object contains newline delimited JSON, and each line is a FHIR resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export the fhir\-store 'test\-fhir\-store' to the existing bucket
\'testGcsBucket' in the folder 'someFolder', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores export gcs test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-gcs\-uri=gs://testGcsBucket/someFolder \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores export gcs
.RE

