
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAM_LIST\-GRANTABLE\-ROLES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iam list\-grantable\-roles \- list IAM grantable roles for a resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iam list\-grantable\-roles\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=100] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command displays the list of grantable roles for a resource.
The resource can be referenced either via the full resource name or via a URI.
User can then add IAM policy bindings to grant the roles.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
The full resource name or URI to get the list of roles for.

See "Resource Names" (https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names) for
details. To get a URI from most \f5list\fR commands in \f5gcloud\fR, pass the
\f5\-\-uri\fR flag. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-project prj \-\-uri
https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/prj/zones/us\-east1\-c/instances/i1
https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/prj/zones/us\-east1\-d/instances/i2
.RE



.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=100
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB100\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List grantable roles for a project:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    //cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/PROJECT_ID
.RE

List grantable roles for a resource identified via full resource name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    //compute.googleapis.com/projects/example\-project/zones/\e
us\-central1\-f/instances/example\-instance
.RE

List grantable roles for a resource identified via URI:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam list\-grantable\-roles \e
    https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/example\-project/\e
zones/us\-central1\-f/instances/example\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles
$ gcloud alpha iam list\-grantable\-roles
.RE

