
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS_GET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders get\-iam\-policy \- get the IAM policy for a folder



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders get\-iam\-policy\fR \fIFOLDER\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha resource\-manager folders get\-iam\-policy\fR
displays the IAM policy associated with a folder. If formatted as JSON, the
output can be edited and used as a policy file for \fBset\-iam\-policy\fR. The
output includes an "etag" field identifying the version emitted and allowing
detection of concurrent policy updates; see $ {parent} set\-iam\-policy for
additional details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Folder resource \- The ID of the folder for which to display the IAM policy.
This represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFOLDER\fR
ID of the folder or fully qualified identifier for the folder.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudresourcemanager/v2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the IAM policy for a given folder, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders get\-iam\-policy my\-folder
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager folders get\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager folders get\-iam\-policy
.RE

