
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_LOG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds log \- stream the logs for a build



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds log\fR \fIBUILD\fR [\fB\-\-stream\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Stream the logs for a build.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBUILD\fR
The build whose logs shall be printed. The ID of the build is printed at the end
of the build submission process, or in the ID column when listing builds.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stream\fR
If a build is ongoing, stream the logs to stdout until the build completes.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To stream logs for in progress build \f5123\-456\-789\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds log \-\-stream `123\-456\-789`
.RE

To display logs for a completed build \f5098\-765\-432\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds log `098\-765\-432`
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud builds log
$ gcloud beta builds log
.RE

