
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_ALLOW" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies allow \- add values to an Organization Policy allowed_values list policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies allow\fR \fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR \fIALLOWED_VALUE\fR [\fIALLOWED_VALUE\fR\ ...] (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds one or more values to the specified Organization Policy
allowed_values list policy associated with the specified resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR
The Org Policy constraint name.

.TP 2m
\fIALLOWED_VALUE\fR [\fIALLOWED_VALUE\fR ...]
The values to add to the allowed_values list policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the organization policy. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command adds \f5devEnv\fR and \f5prodEnv\fR to an Organization
Policy allowed_values list policy for constraint \f5serviceuser.services\fR on
project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies allow \e
    serviceuser.services \-\-project=foo\-project devEnv prodEnv
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies allow
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies allow
.RE

