
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-SETTINGS_SET\-VALUE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-settings set\-value \- update the value of a resource setting



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-settings set\-value\fR \fISETTING_NAME\fR \fB\-\-value\-file\fR=\fIvalue\-file\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIetag\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the value of a resource setting

This first converts the contents of the specified file into a setting object. It
then fetches the current setting using GetSetting. If it does not exist, the
setting is created using CreateSetting. If it does, the retrieved setting is
checked to see if it needs to be updated. If so, the setting is updated using
UpdateSetting.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISETTING_NAME\fR
Name of the resource settings. The list of available settings can be found here:


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-value\-file\fR=\fIvalue\-file\fR
Path to JSON or YAML file that contains the resource setting.

.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the resource settings. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIetag\fR
Etag of the resource setting.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the setting from the file on the path \f5\fI./sample_path\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-settings set\-value SETTING_NAME \e
    \-\-value\-file="./test_input.json"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

