
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_DEPLOYMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete \- delete a deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete\fR \fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR [\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR;\ default="delete"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command deletes a deployment and deletes all associated
resources.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR [\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR ...]
Deployment name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR; default="delete"
Delete policy for resources that will change as part of an update or delete.
\f5delete\fR deletes the resource while \f5abandon\fR just removes the resource
reference from the deployment. \fIDELETE_POLICY\fR must be one of:
\fBabandon\fR, \fBdelete\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete my\-deployment
.RE

To issue a delete command without waiting for the operation to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete my\-deployment \e
    \-\-async
.RE

To delete several deployments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete \e
    my\-deployment\-one my\-deployment\-two my\-deployment\-three
.RE

To disable the confirmation prompt on delete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete my\-deployment \-q
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments delete
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments delete
.RE

