
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries update \- update a Cloud Data Catalog entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries update\fR [\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] (\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-lookup\-entry\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Data Catalog entry. The entry to update can either
be specified directly, or the \f5\-\-lookup\-entry\fR flag may be used to update
the entry corresponding to the lookup of the given resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry resource \- Entry to update. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the entry or fully qualified identifier for the entry. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

New column schema for the entry. A schema consists of a list of column names
along with their types, descriptions, modes, and nested subcolumns. For example:

.RS 2m
\- column: first_name
  description: First name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: last_name
  description: Last name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: addresses
  description: Addresses
  mode: REPEATED
  type: RECORD
  subcolumns:
  \- column: city
    description: City
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
  \- column: state
    description: State
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
.RE

Exactly one of these must be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]
Inline schema for the entry. When specifying a schema via this argument, only
column names and types should be provided. Column modes will default to
NULLABLE, and column descriptions and nested subcolumns are not supported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the schema for the entry. This can be
used to specify schemas with column descriptions, column modes other than
NULLABLE, and nested subcolumns.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-lookup\-entry\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR
The name of the target resource whose entry to update. This can be either the
Google Cloud Platform resource name or the SQL name of a Google Cloud Platform
resource. This flag allows one to update the entry corresponding to the lookup
of the given resource, without needing to specify the entry directly.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the schema of a Cloud Pub/Sub entry inline, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries update entry1 \e
    \-\-location=global \-\-entry\-group=@pubsub \e
    \-\-schema="column1=type1,column2=type2"
.RE

To update the schema of a Cloud Pub/Sub entry from a file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries update entry1 \e
    \-\-location=global \-\-entry\-group=@pubsub \e
    \-\-schema\-from\-file="/tmp/schema.json"
.RE

To lookup the entry of a Cloud Pub/Sub topic by its SQL name and update its
schema in one command, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries update \e
    \-\-lookup\-entry='pubsub.topic.`my\-project1`.topic1' \e
    \-\-schema="column1=type1,column2=type2"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entries update
.RE

