
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_GET\-GUEST\-ATTRIBUTES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances get\-guest\-attributes \- get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances get\-guest\-attributes\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-query\-path\fR=\fIQUERY_PATH\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to get the Guest Attributes for. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\-path\fR=\fIQUERY_PATH\fR
Attribute path to query. Can be empty string or of the form \f5<namespace>/\fR
or \f5<namespace>/<key>\fR. Default is the empty string.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/beta\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances get\-guest\-attributes
.RE

