
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ORGANIZATIONS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha organizations add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha organizations add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of an organization, given
an organization ID and the binding.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
ID for the organization to which you want to add a binding


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a organization with
identifier '123456789'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha organizations add\-iam\-policy\-binding 123456789 \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

For a service account \f5test\-proj1@example.domain.com\fR, the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' to the
given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha organizations add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for all authenticated users on a organization with identifier
\'123456789':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha organizations add\-iam\-policy\-binding 123456789 \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud organizations add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta organizations add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

