
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute operations describe \- describe a Google Compute Engine operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute operations describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute operations describe\fR displays all data
associated with a Google Compute Engine operation in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the operation to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the operation is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the operation to describe. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the operation to describe. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a global operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations describe OPERATION \-\-global
.RE

To get details about a regional operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations describe OPERATION \e
    \-\-region us\-central1
.RE

To get details about a zonal operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations describe OPERATION \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute operations describe
$ gcloud beta compute operations describe
.RE

