
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_REGISTRIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot registries \- manage Cloud IoT Registries



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot registries\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud IoT Registries.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcredentials\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage credentials for Cloud IoT devices.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List device registries.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a device registry.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a device registry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries
$ gcloud beta iot registries
.RE

