
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_DELETE\-SIGNED\-URL\-KEY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-services delete\-signed\-url\-key \- delete Cloud CDN Signed URL key from a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-services delete\-signed\-url\-key\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-key\-name\fR=\fIKEY_NAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-services delete\-signed\-url\-key\fR is used to
delete an existing Cloud CDN Signed URL key from a backend service.

Cloud CDN Signed URLs give you a way to serve responses from the globally
distributed CDN cache, even if the request needs to be authorized.

Signed URLs are a mechanism to temporarily give a client access to a private
resource without requiring additional authorization. To achieve this, the full
request URL that should be allowed is hashed and cryptographically signed. By
using the signed URL you give it, that one request will be considered authorized
to receive the requested content.

Generally, a signed URL can be used by anyone who has it. However, it is usually
only intended to be used by the client that was directly given the URL. To
mitigate this, they expire at a time chosen by the issuer. To minimize the risk
of a signed URL being shared, we recommend that you set it to expire as soon as
possible.

A 128\-bit secret key is used for signing the URLs.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-name\fR=\fIKEY_NAME\fR
Name of the Cloud CDN Signed URL key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-services delete\-signed\-url\-key
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services delete\-signed\-url\-key
.RE

