
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_WRITE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging write \- write a log entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging write\fR \fILOG_NAME\fR \fIMESSAGE\fR [\fB\-\-payload\-type\fR=\fIPAYLOAD_TYPE\fR;\ default="text"] [\fB\-\-severity\fR=\fISEVERITY\fR;\ default="DEFAULT"] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Write a log entry. If the destination log does not exist, it will
be created. All log entries written with this command are considered to be from
the "custom.googleapis.com" v1 service or the "global" v2 resource type. The log
entries will be listed in the Logs Viewer under that service or resource type.

gcloud alpha logging write should be used for simple testing purposes. Check
Cloud Logging agent for a proper way to send log entries:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/agent/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILOG_NAME\fR
Name of the log where the log entry will be written.

.TP 2m
\fIMESSAGE\fR
Message to put in the log entry. It can be JSON if you include
\f5\-\-payload\-type=json\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-payload\-type\fR=\fIPAYLOAD_TYPE\fR; default="text"
Type of the log entry payload. \fIPAYLOAD_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBtext\fR,
\fBjson\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-severity\fR=\fISEVERITY\fR; default="DEFAULT"
Severity level of the log entry. \fISEVERITY\fR must be one of: \fBDEFAULT\fR,
\fBDEBUG\fR, \fBINFO\fR, \fBNOTICE\fR, \fBWARNING\fR, \fBERROR\fR,
\fBCRITICAL\fR, \fBALERT\fR, \fBEMERGENCY\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Write log entries associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Write log entries associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Write log entries associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Write log entries associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a log entry in a given log, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging write LOG_NAME "A simple entry"
.RE

To create a high severity log entry, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging write LOG_NAME "Urgent message" \e
    \-\-severity=ALERT
.RE

To create a structured log, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging write LOG_NAME '{"key": "value"}' \e
    \-\-payload\-type=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging write
$ gcloud beta logging write
.RE

