
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates \- manage tag templates in Cloud Data Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage tag templates in Cloud Data Catalog.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfields\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage tag template fields in Cloud Data Catalog.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates
.RE

