
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_SINKS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging sinks update \- updates a sink



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging sinks update\fR \fISINK_NAME\fR [\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-exclusion\fR=[\fIdescription\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR],[\fIdisabled\fR=\fIDISABLED\fR],[\fIfilter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR]] [\fB\-\-clear\-exclusions\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-disabled\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-exclusions\fR=[\fIEXCLUSION\fR\ \fIID\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-exclusion\fR=[\fIdescription\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR],[\fIdisabled\fR=\fIDISABLED\fR],[\fIfilter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR]] [\fB\-\-use\-partitioned\-tables\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-dlp\-deidentify\-template\fR=\fIDLP_DEIDENTIFY_TEMPLATE\fR\ \fB\-\-dlp\-inspect\-template\fR=\fIDLP_INSPECT_TEMPLATE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Changes the \fB[destination]\fR or \fB\-\-log\-filter\fR
associated with a sink. The new destination must already exist and Cloud Logging
must have permission to write to it. Log entries are exported to the new
destination immediately.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISINK_NAME\fR
The name of the sink to update.

.TP 2m
[\fIDESTINATION\fR]
A new destination for the sink. If omitted, the sink's existing destination is
unchanged.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-exclusion\fR=[\fIdescription\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR],[\fIdisabled\fR=\fIDISABLED\fR],[\fIfilter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR]
Add an exclusion filter for a log entry that is not to be exported. This flag
can be repeated.

The \f5\fIname\fR\fR and \f5\fIfilter\fR\fR attributes are required. The
following keys are accepted:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
An identifier, such as \f5\fIload\-balancer\-exclusion\fR\fR. Identifiers are
limited to 100 characters and can include only letters, digits, underscores,
hyphens, and periods.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
A description of this exclusion.

.TP 2m
\fBfilter\fR
An advanced log filter that matches the log entries to be excluded.

.TP 2m
\fBdisabled\fR
If this exclusion should be disabled and not exclude the log entries.
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-exclusions\fR
Remove all logging exclusions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the sink.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disabled\fR
Disable the sink. Disabled sinks do not export logs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
A new filter expression for the sink. If omitted, the sink's existing filter (if
any) is unchanged.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-exclusions\fR=[\fIEXCLUSION\fR \fIID\fR,...]
Specify the name of the Logging exclusion(s) to delete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-exclusion\fR=[\fIdescription\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR],[\fIdisabled\fR=\fIDISABLED\fR],[\fIfilter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR]
Update an exclusion filter for a log entry that is not to be exported. This flag
can be repeated.

The \f5\fIname\fR\fR and \f5\fIfilter\fR\fR attributes are required. following
keys are accepted:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
name\fB
An identifier, such as \f5\fIload\-balancer\-exclusion\fR\fR. Identifiers are
limited to 100 characters and can include only letters, digits, underscores,
hyphens, and periods.

.TP 2m
\fRdescription\fB
A description of this exclusion.

.TP 2m
\fRfilter\fB
An advanced log filter that matches the log entries to be excluded.

.TP 2m
\fRdisabled\fB
If this exclusion should be disabled and not exclude the log entries.
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Settings for sink exporting data to BigQuery.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-use\-partitioned\-tables\fB
If specified, use BigQuery's partitioned tables. By default, Logging creates
dated tables based on the log entries' timestamps, e.g. 'syslog_20170523'.
Partitioned tables remove the suffix and special query syntax
(https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/querying\-partitioned\-tables) must be
used.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-billing\-account\fB=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-folder\fB=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-organization\fB=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-project\fB=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Settings for Cloud DLP enabled sinks. If any of these arguments are omitted they
are unchanged.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-dlp\-deidentify\-template\fB=\fIDLP_DEIDENTIFY_TEMPLATE\fR
Relative path to a Cloud DLP de\-identification template resource. For example
"projects/my\-project/deidentifyTemplates/my\-template" or
"organizations/my\-org/deidentifyTemplates/my\-template".

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-dlp\-inspect\-template\fB=\fIDLP_INSPECT_TEMPLATE\fR
Relative path to a Cloud DLP inspection template resource. For example
"projects/my\-project/inspectTemplates/my\-template" or
"organizations/my\-org/inspectTemplates/my\-template".


\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To only update a sink filter, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging sinks update my\-sink \e
    \-\-log\-filter='severity>=ERROR'
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging sinks update
$ gcloud beta logging sinks update
.RE

