
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTATIONS_SIGN\-AND\-CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations sign\-and\-create \- sign and create a Binary Authorization Attestation using a Cloud KMS key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations sign\-and\-create\fR \fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR (\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR) (\fB\-\-keyversion\fR=\fIKEYVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-keyversion\-key\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_KEY\fR\ \fB\-\-keyversion\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-keyversion\-location\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-keyversion\-project\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-public\-key\-id\-override\fR=\fIPUBLIC_KEY_ID_OVERRIDE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command signs and creates a Binary Authorization attestation
for your project. The attestation is created for the specified artifact (e.g. a
grc.io container URL), associate with the specified attestor, and stored under
the specified project.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR
Container URL. May be in the \f5gcr.io/repository/image\fR format, or may
optionally contain the \f5http\fR or \f5https\fR scheme

.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The Attestor whose Container Analysis Note will be used to
host the created attestation. In order to successfully attach the attestation,
the active gcloud account (core/account) must be able to read this attestor and
must have the \f5containeranalysis.notes.attachOccurrence\fR permission for the
Attestor's underlying Note resource (usually via the
\f5containeranalysis.notes.attacher\fR role). The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the attestor.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

CryptoKeyVersion resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service)
CryptoKeyVersion to use to sign the attestation payload. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyversion\fR=\fIKEYVERSION\fR
ID of the CryptoKeyVersion or fully qualified identifier for the
CryptoKeyVersion. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in
this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyversion\-key\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_KEY\fR
The key of the CryptoKeyVersion.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyversion\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_KEYRING\fR
The keyring of the CryptoKeyVersion.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyversion\-location\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_LOCATION\fR
The location of the CryptoKeyVersion.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyversion\-project\fR=\fIKEYVERSION_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the CryptoKeyVersion.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-key\-id\-override\fR=\fIPUBLIC_KEY_ID_OVERRIDE\fR
If provided, the ID of the public key that will be used to verify the
Attestation instead of the default generated one. This ID should match the one
found on the Attestor resource(s) which will use this Attestation.

This parameter is only necessary if the \f5\-\-public\-key\-id\-override\fR flag
was provided when this KMS key was added to the Attestor.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To sign and create an attestation in the project "my_proj" as the attestor with
resource path "projects/foo/attestors/bar" with the key
"projects/foo/locations/us\-west1/keyRings/aring/cryptoKeys/akey/cryptoKeyVersions/1",
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations sign\-and\-create \e
    \-\-project=my_proj \e
    \-\-artifact\-url='gcr.io/example\-project/example\-image@sha256:abcd' \e
    \-\-attestor=projects/foo/attestors/bar \e
    \-\-keyversion\-project=foo \e
    \-\-keyversion\-location=us\-west1 \e
    \-\-keyversion\-keyring=aring \e
    \-\-keyversion\-key=akey \e
    \-\-keyversion=1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

