
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_MIGRATION\-JOBS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs \- manage Database Migration Service migration jobs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Database Migration Service migration jobs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBgenerate\-ssh\-script\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Generate a SSH script for a Database Migration Service migration
job.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Database Migration Service migration jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBpromote\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Promote a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBrestart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restart a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBresume\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Resume a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Stop a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Database Migration Service migration job.

.TP 2m
\fBverify\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Verify a Database Migration Service migration job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

