
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_CLOUD\-BINDINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager cloud\-bindings \- manage Access Context Manager cloud access bindings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager cloud\-bindings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR An access binding assigns an access level to a group, then the
policy will be forced when a user in the group access cloud console or API.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new cloud access binding.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a cloud access binding.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a cloud access binding.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List cloud access bindings under an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing cloud access binding.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

