
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta resource\-manager folders \- manage Cloud Folders



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta resource\-manager folders\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Commands to query and update your Cloud Folders.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new folder.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Show metadata for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List folders accessible by the active account.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Move a folder to a new position within the same organization.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Undelete a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update the display name of a folder.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager folders
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders
.RE

