
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute routers update \- update a Compute Engine router



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute routers update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-advertisement\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute routers update\fR is used to update a
Compute Engine router.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the router to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-advertisement\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
The new advertisement mode for this router. \fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCUSTOM\fR
Custom (user\-configured) BGP advertisements.
.TP 2m
\fBDEFAULT\fR
Default (Google\-managed) BGP advertisements.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the router to update. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]
The list of pre\-defined groups of IP ranges to dynamically advertise on this
router. This list can only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

\fIGROUP\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBALL_SUBNETS\fR
Automatically advertise all available subnets.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]
The list of individual IP ranges, in CIDR format, to dynamically advertise on
this router. Each IP range can (optionally) be given a text description DESC.
For example, to advertise a specific range, use
\f5\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24\fR. To store a description
with the range, use
\f5\-\-set\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24=my\-networks\fR. This list can
only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]
A list of pre\-defined groups of IP ranges to dynamically advertise on this
router. This list is appended to any existing advertisements. This field can
only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

\fIGROUP\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBALL_SUBNETS\fR
Automatically advertise all available subnets.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR=\fIDESC\fR,...]
A list of individual IP ranges, in CIDR format, to dynamically advertise on this
router. This list is appended to any existing advertisements. Each IP range can
(optionally) be given a text description DESC. For example, to advertise a
specific range, use \f5\-\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24\fR. To store a
description with the range, use
\f5\-\-advertisement\-ranges=192.168.10.0/24=my\-networks\fR. This list can only
be specified in custom advertisement mode.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-groups\fR=[\fIGROUP\fR,...]
A list of pre\-defined groups of IP ranges to remove from dynamic advertisement
on this router. Each group in the list must exist in the current set of custom
advertisements. This field can only be specified in custom advertisement mode.

\fIGROUP\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBALL_SUBNETS\fR
Automatically advertise all available subnets.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-advertisement\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
A list of individual IP ranges, in CIDR format, to remove from dynamic
advertisement on this router. Each IP range in the list must exist in the
current set of custom advertisements. This field can only be specified in custom
advertisement mode.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers update
$ gcloud alpha compute routers update
.RE

