
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_REDIS_REGIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta redis regions describe \- show metadata for a Memorystore Redis region



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta redis regions describe\fR \fIREGION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Display all metadata associated with a Redis region given a valid
region name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The region specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given region.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Region resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis region
you want to describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [region] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGION\fR
ID of the region or fully qualified identifier for the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To display the metadata for the region \f5us\-central1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta redis regions describe us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis regions describe
$ gcloud alpha redis regions describe
.RE

