
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-BUCKETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute backend\-buckets \- read and manipulate backend buckets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute backend\-buckets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate backend buckets. Backend buckets define Cloud
Storage buckets that can serve content. URL maps define which requests are sent
to which backend buckets.

For more information about backend buckets, see the backend buckets
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/https/ext\-load\-balancer\-backend\-buckets).

See also: Backend buckets API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/backendBuckets).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add Cloud CDN Signed URL key to a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete backend buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Cloud CDN Signed URL key from a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine backend buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a backend bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-buckets
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets
.RE

