
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances create \- create Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-boot\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-device\-name\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_DEVICE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR] [\fB\-\-confidential\-compute\fR] [\fB\-\-create\-disk\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-deletion\-protection\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIboot\fR=\fIBOOT\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIscope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR]] [\fB\-\-enable\-display\-device\fR] [\fB\-\-erase\-windows\-vss\-signature\fR] [\fB\-\-hostname\fR=\fIHOSTNAME\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR]] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[...]] [\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-node\-cpu\fR=\fIMIN_NODE_CPU\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-preemptible\fR] [\fB\-\-private\-ipv6\-google\-access\-type\fR=\fIPRIVATE_IPV6_GOOGLE_ACCESS_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-private\-network\-ip\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK_IP\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR] [\fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-shielded\-integrity\-monitoring\fR] [\fB\-\-shielded\-secure\-boot\fR] [\fB\-\-shielded\-vtpm\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-instance\-template\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-machine\-image\fR=\fISOURCE_MACHINE_IMAGE\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-machine\-image\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-address\fR] [\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-key\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-keyring\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-location\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-project\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR\ \fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR] [\fB\-\-node\fR=\fINODE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-node\-affinity\-file\fR=\fINODE_AFFINITY_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-node\-group\fR=\fINODE_GROUP\fR] [\fB\-\-public\-ptr\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\fR] [\fB\-\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR=\fIPUBLIC_PTR_DOMAIN\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR] [\fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR\ \fB\-\-reservation\-affinity\fR=\fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR;\ default="any"] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-scopes\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances create\fR facilitates the creation
of Compute Engine virtual machines.

When an instance is in RUNNING state and the system begins to boot, the instance
creation is considered finished, and the command returns with a list of new
virtual machines. Note that you usually cannot log into a new instance until it
finishes booting. Check the progress of an instance using \f5gcloud compute
instances get\-serial\-port\-output\fR.

For more examples, refer to the \fBEXAMPLES\fR section below.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR ...]
Names of the instances to create. For details on valid instance names, refer to
the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]
Attaches accelerators (e.g. GPUs) to the instances.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of accelerator
to attach to the instances. Use 'gcloud compute accelerator\-types list' to
learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
Number of accelerators to attach to each instance. The default value is 1.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR
Automatically delete boot disks when their instances are deleted. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-boot\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-device\-name\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_DEVICE_NAME\fR
The name the guest operating system will see for the boot disk. This option can
only be specified if a new boot disk is being created (as opposed to mounting an
existing persistent disk).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. This option can only be specified if a new boot disk
is being created (as opposed to mounting an existing persistent disk). The value
must be a whole number followed by a size unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte,
\f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for
terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The
minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk size must be a multiple of 1
GB. Limit boot disk size to 2 TB to account for MBR partition table limitations.
Default size unit is \f5\fIGB\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. This option can only be specified if a new boot disk
is being created (as opposed to mounting an existing persistent disk). To get a
list of available disk types, run \f5$ gcloud compute disk\-types list\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR
If provided, allows the instances to send and receive packets with non\-matching
destination or source IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-confidential\-compute\fR
The instance will boot with Confidential Computing enabled. Confidential
Computing is based on Secure Encrypted Virtualization (SEV), an AMD
virtualization feature for running confidential instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-create\-disk\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Creates and attaches persistent disks to the instances.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
Specifies the name of the disk. This option cannot be specified if more than one
instance is being created.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
Optional textual description for the disk being created.

.TP 2m
\fBmode\fR
Specifies the mode of the disk. Supported options are \f5\fIro\fR\fR for
read\-only and \f5\fIrw\fR\fR for read\-write. If omitted, \f5\fIrw\fR\fR is
used as a default.

.TP 2m
\fBimage\fR
Specifies the name of the image that the disk will be initialized with. A new
disk will be created based on the given image. To view a list of public images
and projects, run \f5$ gcloud compute images list\fR. It is best practice to use
image when a specific version of an image is needed. If both image and
image\-family flags are omitted a blank disk will be created.

.TP 2m
\fBimage\-family\fR
The image family for the operating system that the boot disk will be initialized
with. Compute Engine offers multiple Linux distributions, some of which are
available as both regular and Shielded VM images. When a family is specified
instead of an image, the latest non\-deprecated image associated with that
family is used. It is best practice to use \-\-image\-family when the latest
version of an image is needed.

.TP 2m
\fBimage\-project\fR
The Google Cloud project against which all image and image family references
will be resolved. It is best practice to define image\-project. A full list of
available projects can be generated by running \f5gcloud projects list\fR.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If specifying one of our public images, image\-project must be provided.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If there are several of the same image\-family value in multiple projects,
image\-project must be specified to clarify the image to be used.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If not specified and either image or image\-family is provided, the current
default project is used.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR
The size of the disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size unit
of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR for
gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. Disk size must be a multiple of 1 GB. If not
specified, the default image size will be used for the new disk.

.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The type of the disk. To get a list of available disk types, run $ gcloud
compute disk\-types list. The default disk type is \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
An optional name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. If omitted, a device name of the form \f5persistent\-disk\-N\fR will be
used.

.TP 2m
\fBauto\-delete\fR
If \f5\fIyes\fR\fR, this persistent disk will be automatically deleted when the
instance is deleted. However, if the disk is later detached from the instance,
this option won't apply. The default value for this is \f5\fIyes\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBboot\fR
If \f5\fIyes\fR\fR, indicates that this is a boot disk. The instance will use
the first partition of the disk for its root file system. The default value for
this is \f5\fIno\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-key\fR
Fully qualified Cloud KMS cryptokey name that will protect the disk.

This can either be the fully qualified path or the name.

The fully qualified Cloud KMS cryptokey name format is:
\f5\fIprojects/<kms\-project>/locations/<kms\-location>/keyRings/<kms\-keyring>/
cryptoKeys/<key\-name>\fR\fR.

If the value is not fully qualified then kms\-location, kms\-keyring, and
optionally kms\-project are required.

See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption
for more details.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-project\fR
Project that contains the Cloud KMS cryptokey that will protect the disk.

If the project is not specified then the project where the disk is being created
will be used.

If this flag is set then key\-location, kms\-keyring, and kms\-key are required.

See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption
for more details.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-location\fR
Location of the Cloud KMS cryptokey to be used for protecting the disk.

All Cloud KMS cryptokeys are reside in a 'location'. To get a list of possible
locations run 'gcloud kms locations list'. If this flag is set then kms\-keyring
and kms\-key are required. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-keyring\fR
The keyring which contains the Cloud KMS cryptokey that will protect the disk.

If this flag is set then kms\-location and kms\-key are required.

See https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption
for more details.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\-snapshot\fR
The source disk snapshot that will be used to create the disk. You can provide
this as a full URL to the snapshot or just the snapshot name. For example, the
following are valid values:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m

https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/global/snapshots/snapshot
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
snapshot

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBdisk\-resource\-policy\fR
Resource policy that will be applied to created disk. You can provide full or
partial URL. For more details see

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/beta/compute/resource\-policies/
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/scheduled\-snapshots

.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmulti\-writer\fR
If \f5\fIyes\fR\fR, create the disk in multi\-writer mode so that it can be
attached with read\-write access to multiple VMs. Can only be used with zonal
SSD persistent disks. Disks in multi\-writer mode do not support resize and
snapshot operations. The default value is \f5\fIno\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine resources to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks.

If you pass \f5\-\fR as value of the flag the CSEK will be read from stdin. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-deletion\-protection\fR
Enables deletion protection for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Specifies a textual description of the instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIboot\fR=\fIBOOT\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIscope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR]
Attaches persistent disks to the instances. The disks specified must already
exist.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
The disk to attach to the instances. When creating more than one instance and
using this property, the only valid mode for attaching the disk is read\-only
(see \fBmode\fR below).

.TP 2m
\fBmode\fR
Specifies the mode of the disk. Supported options are \f5\fIro\fR\fR for
read\-only and \f5\fIrw\fR\fR for read\-write. If omitted, \f5\fIrw\fR\fR is
used as a default. It is an error for mode to be \f5\fIrw\fR\fR when creating
more than one instance because read\-write disks can only be attached to a
single instance.

.TP 2m
\fBboot\fR
If \f5\fIyes\fR\fR, indicates that this is a boot disk. The virtual machines
will use the first partition of the disk for their root file systems. The
default value for this is \f5\fIno\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
An optional name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. If omitted, a device name of the form \f5persistent\-disk\-N\fR will be
used.

.TP 2m
\fBauto\-delete\fR
If \f5\fIyes\fR\fR, this persistent disk will be automatically deleted when the
instance is deleted. However, if the disk is later detached from the instance,
this option won't apply. The default value for this is \f5\fIyes\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBscope\fR
Can be \f5zonal\fR or \f5regional\fR. If \f5\fIzonal\fR\fR, the disk is
interpreted as a zonal disk in the same zone as the instance (default). If
\f5\fIregional\fR\fR, the disk is interpreted as a regional disk in the same
region as the instance. The default value for this is \f5\fIzonal\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-display\-device\fR
Enable a display device on VM instances. Disabled by default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-erase\-windows\-vss\-signature\fR
Specifies whether the disk restored from source snapshots or source machine
image should erase Windows specific VSS signature. See
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/compute/disks/snapshot#\-\-guest\-flush

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-hostname\fR=\fIHOSTNAME\fR
Specify the hostname of the instance to be created. The specified hostname must
be RFC1035 compliant. If hostname is not specified, the default hostname is
[INSTANCE_NAME].c.[PROJECT_ID].internal when using the global DNS, and
[INSTANCE_NAME].[ZONE].c.[PROJECT_ID].internal when using zonal DNS.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR]
Attaches a local SSD to the instances.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
Optional. A name that indicates the disk name the guest operating system will
see. Can only be specified if \f5interface\fR is \f5SCSI\fR. If omitted, a
device name of the form \f5\fIlocal\-ssd\-N\fR\fR will be used.

.TP 2m
\fBinterface\fR
Optional. The kind of disk interface exposed to the VM for this SSD. Valid
values are \f5\fISCSI\fR\fR and \f5\fINVME\fR\fR. SCSI is the default and is
supported by more guest operating systems. NVME may provide higher performance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
Specifies the machine type used for the instances. To get a list of available
machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. If unspecified, the
default type is n1\-standard\-1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines undergo
maintenance. The default is MIGRATE. \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBMIGRATE\fR
The instances should be migrated to a new host. This will temporarily impact the
performance of instances during a migration event.
.TP 2m
\fBTERMINATE\fR
The instances should be terminated.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances. Each metadata entry is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign.
Each metadata key must be unique and have a max of 128 bytes in length. Each
value must have a max of 256 KB in length. Multiple arguments can be passed to
this flag, e.g., \f5\fI\-\-metadata
key\-1=value\-1,key\-2=value\-2,key\-3=value\-3\fR\fR. The combined total size
for all metadata entries is 512 KB.

In images that have Compute Engine tools installed on them, such as the official
images (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images), the following metadata
keys have special meanings:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\fR
Specifies a script that will be executed by the instances once they start
running. For convenience, \f5\fI\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR\fR can be used to
pull the value from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\-url\fR
Same as \f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR except that the script contents are pulled
from a publicly\-accessible location on the web.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[...]
Same as \f5\fI\-\-metadata\fR\fR except that the value for the entry will be
read from a local file. This is useful for values that are too large such as
\f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR contents.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the VM will be scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture
or a newer one. To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute zones describe ZONE \e
  \-\-format="value(availableCpuPlatforms)"
.RE

Default setting is "AUTOMATIC".

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones.

You can find more information on\-line:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/specify\-min\-cpu\-platform

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-node\-cpu\fR=\fIMIN_NODE_CPU\fR
Minimum number of virtual CPUs this instance will consume when running on a
sole\-tenant node.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Specifies the network that the instances will be part of. If \-\-subnet is also
specified subnet must be a subnetwork of network specified by \-\-network. If
neither is specified, this defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Adds a network interface to the instance. Mutually exclusive with any of these
flags: \fB\-\-address\fR, \fB\-\-network\fR, \fB\-\-network\-tier\fR,
\fB\-\-subnet\fR, \fB\-\-private\-network\-ip\fR. This flag can be repeated to
specify multiple network interfaces.

The following keys are allowed:
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaddress\fR
Assigns the given external address to the instance that is created. Specifying
an empty string will assign an ephemeral IP. Mutually exclusive with
no\-address. If neither key is present the instance will get an ephemeral IP.

.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\fR
Specifies the network that the interface will be part of. If subnet is also
specified it must be subnetwork of this network. If neither is specified, this
defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fBno\-address\fR
If specified the interface will have no external IP. Mutually exclusive with
address. If neither key is present the instance will get an ephemeral IP.

.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\-tier\fR
Specifies the network tier of the interface. \f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR must be
one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The default value is \f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBprivate\-network\-ip\fR
Assigns the given RFC1918 IP address to the interface.

.TP 2m
\fBsubnet\fR
Specifies the subnet that the interface will be part of. If network key is also
specified this must be a subnetwork of the specified network.

.TP 2m
\fBaliases\fR
Specifies the IP alias ranges to allocate for this interface. If there are
multiple IP alias ranges, they are separated by semicolons.

For example:

.RS 2m
\-\-aliases="10.128.1.0/24;range1:/32"
.RE


Each IP alias range consists of a range name and an IP range separated by a
colon, or just the IP range. The range name is the name of the range within the
network interface's subnet from which to allocate an IP alias range. If
unspecified, it defaults to the primary IP range of the subnet. The IP range can
be a CIDR range (e.g. \f5192.168.100.0/24\fR), a single IP address (e.g.
\f5192.168.100.1\fR), or a netmask in CIDR format (e.g. \f5/24\fR). If the IP
range is specified by CIDR range or single IP address, it must belong to the
CIDR range specified by the range name on the subnet. If the IP range is
specified by netmask, the IP allocator will pick an available range with the
specified netmask and allocate it to this network interface.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR
Specifies the network tier that will be used to configure the instance.
\f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR must be one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The
default value is \f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\fR
If provided, instances will be preemptible and time\-limited. Instances may be
preempted to free up resources for standard VM instances, and will only be able
to run for a limited amount of time. Preemptible instances can not be restarted
and will not migrate.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-ipv6\-google\-access\-type\fR=\fIPRIVATE_IPV6_GOOGLE_ACCESS_TYPE\fR
The private IPv6 Google access type for the VM.
\fIPRIVATE_IPV6_GOOGLE_ACCESS_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBenable\-bidirectional\-access\fR, \fBenable\-outbound\-vm\-access\fR,
\fBinherit\-subnetwork\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-network\-ip\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK_IP\fR
Specifies the RFC1918 IP to assign to the instance. The IP should be in the
subnet or legacy network IP range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR
Refuse to create resources not protected by a user managed key in the key file
when \-\-csek\-key\-file is given. This behavior is enabled by default to
prevent incorrect gcloud invocations from accidentally creating resources with
no user managed key. Disabling the check allows creation of some resources
without a matching Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key in the supplied
\-\-csek\-key\-file. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR
to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...]
A list of resource policy names to be added to the instance. The policies must
exist in the same region as the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR
The instances will be restarted if they are terminated by Compute Engine. This
does not affect terminations performed by the user. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shielded\-integrity\-monitoring\fR
Enables monitoring and attestation of the boot integrity of the instance. The
attestation is performed against the integrity policy baseline. This baseline is
initially derived from the implicitly trusted boot image when the instance is
created. This baseline can be updated by using
\f5\-\-shielded\-vm\-learn\-integrity\-policy\fR. On Shielded VMs, integrity
monitoring is enabled by default. For information about how to modify Shielded
VM options, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/modifying\-shielded\-vm.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shielded\-secure\-boot\fR
The instance boots with secure boot enabled. On Shielded VMs, Secure Boot is not
enabled by default. For information about how to modify Shielded VM options, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/modifying\-shielded\-vm.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shielded\-vtpm\fR
The instance boots with the TPM (Trusted Platform Module) enabled. A TPM is a
hardware module that can be used for different security operations such as
remote attestation, encryption, and sealing of keys. On Shielded VMs, vTPM is
enabled by default. For information about how to modify Shielded VM options, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/modifying\-shielded\-vm.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-instance\-template\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR
The name of the instance template that the instance will be created from.

Users can also override machine type and labels. Values of other flags will be
ignored and \f5\-\-source\-instance\-template\fR will be used instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-machine\-image\fR=\fISOURCE_MACHINE_IMAGE\fR
The name of the machine image that the instance will be created from.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-machine\-image\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping resources
to user managed keys which were used to encrypt the source machine\-image. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Specifies the subnet that the instances will be part of. If \-\-network is also
specified subnet must be a subnetwork of network specified by \-\-network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the instance. These tags allow network
firewall rules and routes to be applied to specified VM instances. See \fBgcloud
compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.

To read more about configuring network tags, read this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/add\-remove\-network\-tags

To list instances with their respective status and tags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table(name,status,tags.list())'
.RE

To list instances tagged with a specific tag, \f5tag1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags:tag1'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instances to create. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR
Assigns the given external address to the instance that is created. The address
may be an IP address or the name or URI of an address resource. This option can
only be used when creating a single instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-address\fR
If provided, the instances are not assigned external IP addresses. To pull
container images, you must configure private Google access if using Container
Registry or configure Cloud NAT for instances to access container images
directly. For more information, see:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/configure\-private\-google\-access
.IP "\(bu" 2m
https://cloud.google.com/nat/docs/using\-nat
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the disk. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-key\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-keyring\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-location\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boot\-disk\-kms\-project\fR=\fIBOOT_DISK_KMS_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Custom machine type extensions.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the custom machine
type. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the custom machine
type. A size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MB or 9GB) \- if no units are
specified, GB is assumed. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR
Use the extended custom machine type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR
Specifies VM type. n1 \- VMs with CPU platforms Skylake and older, n2 \- VMs
with CPU platform Cascade Lake. n2 offers flexible sizing from 2 to 80 vCPUs,
and 1 to 640GBs of memory. It also features a number of performance enhancements
including exposing a more accurate NUMA topology to the guest OS. The default is
\f5n1\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR
The Google Cloud project against which all image and image family references
will be resolved. It is best practice to define image\-project. A full list of
available projects can be generated by running \f5gcloud projects list\fR.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
If specifying one of our public images, image\-project must be provided.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If there are several of the same image\-family value in multiple projects,
image\-project must be specified to clarify the image to be used.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If not specified and either image or image\-family is provided, the current
default project is used.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
Specifies the boot image for the instances. For each instance, a new boot disk
will be created from the given image. Each boot disk will have the same name as
the instance. To view a list of public images and projects, run \f5$ gcloud
compute images list\fR. It is best practice to use \f5\-\-image\fR when a
specific version of an image is needed.

When using this option, \f5\fI\-\-boot\-disk\-device\-name\fR\fR and
\f5\fI\-\-boot\-disk\-size\fR\fR can be used to override the boot disk's device
name and size, respectively.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR
The image family for the operating system that the boot disk will be initialized
with. Compute Engine offers multiple Linux distributions, some of which are
available as both regular and Shielded VM images. When a family is specified
instead of an image, the latest non\-deprecated image associated with that
family is used. It is best practice to use \f5\-\-image\-family\fR when the
latest version of an image is needed.

By default, \f5\fIdebian\-10\fR\fR is assumed for this flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR
The name of the source disk snapshot that the instance boot disk will be created
from. You can provide this as a full URL to the snapshot or just the snapshot
name. For example, the following are valid values:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m

https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/global/snapshots/snapshot
.IP "\(bu" 2m
snapshot
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Sole Tenancy. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\fR=\fINODE\fR
The name of the node to schedule this instance on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-affinity\-file\fR=\fINODE_AFFINITY_FILE\fR
The JSON/YAML file containing the configuration of desired nodes onto which this
instance could be scheduled. These rules filter the nodes according to their
node affinity labels. A node's affinity labels come from the node template of
the group the node is in.

The file should contain a list of a JSON/YAML objects with the following fields:

.TP 2m
\fBkey\fR
Corresponds to the node affinity label keys of the Node resource.
.TP 2m
\fBoperator\fR
Specifies the node selection type. Must be one of: \f5IN\fR: Requires Compute
Engine to seek for matched nodes. \f5NOT_IN\fR: Requires Compute Engine to avoid
certain nodes.
.TP 2m
\fBvalues\fR
Optional. A list of values which correspond to the node affinity label values of
the Node resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-group\fR=\fINODE_GROUP\fR
The name of the node group to schedule this instance on.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-ptr\fR
Creates a DNS PTR record for the external IP of the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\fR
If provided, no DNS PTR record is created for the external IP of the instance.
Mutually exclusive with public\-ptr\-domain.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR=\fIPUBLIC_PTR_DOMAIN\fR
Assigns a custom PTR domain for the external IP of the instance. Mutually
exclusive with no\-public\-ptr.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-public\-ptr\-domain\fR
If both this flag and \-\-public\-ptr are specified, creates a DNS PTR record
for the external IP of the instance with the PTR domain name being the DNS name
of the instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifies the reservation for the instance.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR
The name of the reservation, required when
\f5\-\-reservation\-affinity=specific\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\-affinity\fR=\fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR; default="any"
The type of reservation for the instance. \fIRESERVATION_AFFINITY\fR must be one
of: \fBany\fR, \fBnone\fR, \fBspecific\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
If not provided, the instance will be assigned the default scopes, described
below. However, if neither \f5\-\-scopes\fR nor \f5\-\-no\-scopes\fR are
specified and the project has no default service account, then the instance will
be created with no scopes. Note that the level of access that a service account
has is determined by a combination of access scopes and IAM roles so you must
configure both access scopes and IAM roles for the service account to work
properly.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. \fBdefault\fR scopes
are assigned to all instances. Available aliases are:


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB
l l.
Alias	URI
bigquery	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud-platform	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform
cloud-source-repos	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud-source-repos-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
gke-default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring-read	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.read
monitoring-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
pubsub	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
service-control	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service-management	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql (deprecated)	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql-admin	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage-full	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
trace	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
userinfo-email	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

DEPRECATION WARNING: https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice account scope
and \f5sql\fR alias do not provide SQL instance management capabilities and have
been deprecated. Please, use https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin or
\f5sql\-admin\fR to manage your Google SQL Service instances.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-scopes\fR
Create instance without scopes

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
A service account is an identity attached to the instance. Its access tokens can
be accessed through the instance metadata server and are used to authenticate
applications on the instance. The account can be set using an email address
corresponding to the required service account.

If not provided, the instance will use the project's default service account.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR
Create instance without service account


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an instance with the latest 'Red Hat Enterprise Linux 8' image
available, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances create example\-instance \e
    \-\-image\-family=rhel\-8 \-\-image\-project=rhel\-cloud \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a
.RE

To create instances called 'example\-instance\-1', 'example\-instance\-2', and
\'example\-instance\-3' in the 'us\-central1\-a' zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances create example\-instance\-1 \e
    example\-instance\-2 example\-instance\-3 \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a
.RE

To create an instance called 'instance\-1' from a source snapshot called
\'instance\-snapshot' in zone 'us\-central2\-a' and attached regional disk
\'disk\-1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances create instance\-1 \e
    \-\-source\-snapshot=https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/\e
projects/myproject/global/snapshots/instance\-snapshot \e
    \-\-zone=central2\-a \-\-disk=name=disk1,scope=regional
.RE

To create an instance called instance\-1 as a shielded vm with secure boot,
virtual trusted platform module (vTPM) enabled and integrity monitoring, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances create instance\-1 \e
    \-\-zone=central2\-a \-\-shielded\-secure\-boot \-\-shielded\-vtpm \e
    \-\-shielded\-integrity\-monitoring
.RE

To create an preemptible instance called 'instance\-1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances create instance\-1 \e
    \-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-1 \-\-zone=us\-central1\-b \e
    \-\-preemptible \-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure \e
    \-\-maintenance\-policy=terminate
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances create
$ gcloud alpha compute instances create
.RE

