
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_GAME_SERVERS_DEPLOYMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta game servers deployments delete \- delete a Deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta game servers deployments delete\fR (\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Game Server Deployment.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete Game Server Deployment 'my\-deployment' in project 'my\-project' and
location 'global'(deployments only support the 'global' location), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers deployments delete my\-deployment \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-location=global
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Deployment resource \- Cloud Game Server Deployment to describe. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [deployment] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the deployment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers deployments delete
.RE

