
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCT\-SETS_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets import \- import a list of reference images to specified product sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets import\fR \fISOURCE\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Import a list of reference images to specified product sets based
on a list of image information.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISOURCE\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI of the input csv file which must start with
\f5gs://\fR. The format of the input csv file should be one image per line. In
each line, there are 8 columns \- \f5image\-uri\fR, \f5image\-id\fR,
\f5product\-set\-id\fR, \f5product\-id\fR, \f5product\-category\fR,
\f5product\-display\-name\fR, \f5labels\fR, and \f5bounding\-poly\fR. The
\f5image\-uri\fR, \f5product\-set\-id\fR, \f5product\-id\fR, and
\f5product\-category\fR columns are required. See
https://cloud.google.com/vision/product\-search/docs/csv\-format for more
information on the csv format and the meaning of each column.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- Location to import to. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-location]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import reference images from 'gs://my\-bucket/my\-object.csv' into location
\'us\-east1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets import \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 gs://my\-bucket/my\-object.csv
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets import
.RE

