
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ANTHOS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta anthos export \- export current configuration of an Anthos cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta anthos export\fR \fICLUSTER\fR [\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-directory\fR=\fIOUTPUT\-DIR\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export current configuration of an Anthos cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
The cluster name from which to export the configurations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Specifies the Google Cloud location to use. If notspecified will use the current
compute/zone property.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-directory\fR=\fIOUTPUT\-DIR\fR
The output directory of the cluster resources. If empty will export files to
./CLUSTER_NAME


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export configuration from cluster 'my\-cluster' to the local directory
\f5my\-dir\fR using project 'my\-project':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta anthos export my\-cluster \-\-project=my\-project \e
  \-\-output\-directory=my\-dir
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha anthos export
.RE

