
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc clusters \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc clusters\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-from\-file\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a cluster from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the details of a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdiagnose\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Run a detailed diagnostic on a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View a list of clusters in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update labels and/or the number of worker nodes in a cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters create my_cluster
.RE

To resize a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters update my_cluster \-\-num_workers 5
.RE

To delete a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters delete my_cluster
.RE

To view the details of a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters describe my_cluster
.RE

To see the list of all clusters, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters
.RE

