
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_UPDATE\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-instances \- immediately update selected instances in a Google Compute Engine managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-minimal\-action\fR=\fIMINIMAL_ACTION\fR;\ default="none"] [\fB\-\-most\-disruptive\-allowed\-action\fR=\fIMOST_DISRUPTIVE_ALLOWED_ACTION\fR;\ default="replace"] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

When using a managed instance group, it's possible that your intended
specification for a VM is different from the current state of that VM. For
example, this can happen due to changes to the group's target instance template.
This command enables you to initiate the update process on the given set of
instances instantly, thus when your Managed Instance Group is stable you can be
sure that all the changes were applied.

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-instances\fR allows you to
specify the least and the most disruptive actions that can be performed while
updating the instances. This way you can reduce the risk of rolling out too many
changes at once. Possible actions are: \f5none\fR, \f5refresh\fR, \f5restart\fR
and \f5replace\fR. The level of disruption to the instance is ordered as:
\f5none\fR < \f5refresh\fR < \f5restart\fR < \f5replace\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Names of instances to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-minimal\-action\fR=\fIMINIMAL_ACTION\fR; default="none"
Perform at least this action on each instance while updating.
\fIMINIMAL_ACTION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
No action
.TP 2m
\fBrefresh\fR
Apply properties that are possible to apply without stopping the instance
.TP 2m
\fBreplace\fR
Delete the instance and create it again
.TP 2m
\fBrestart\fR
Stop the instance and start it again
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-most\-disruptive\-allowed\-action\fR=\fIMOST_DISRUPTIVE_ALLOWED_ACTION\fR; default="replace"
Perform at most this action on each instance while updating. If the update
requires a more disruptive action than the one specified here, then the update
will fail and no changes will be made. \fIMOST_DISRUPTIVE_ALLOWED_ACTION\fR must
be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
No action
.TP 2m
\fBrefresh\fR
Apply properties that are possible to apply without stopping the instance
.TP 2m
\fBreplace\fR
Delete the instance and create it again
.TP 2m
\fBrestart\fR
Stop the instance and start it again
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update instances \f5instance\-1\fR, \f5instance\-2\fR in \f5my\-group\fR,
with \f5minimal\-action=none\fR and
\f5most\-disruptive\-allowed\-action=restart\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update\-instances \e
      my\-group \-\-instances=instance\-1,instance2 \e
      \-\-minimal\-action=none
      \-\-most\-disruptive\-allowed\-action=restart
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed update\-instances
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed update\-instances
.RE

