
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta kms keys versions update \- update a key version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta kms keys versions update\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-external\-key\-uri\fR=\fIEXTERNAL_KEY_URI\fR] [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-state\fR=\fISTATE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR gcloud beta kms keys versions update can be used to update the key
versions. Updates can be made to the the key versions's state (enabling or
disabling it), and to its external key URI (if the key version has protection
level EXTERNAL).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-external\-key\-uri\fR=\fIEXTERNAL_KEY_URI\fR
The URI of the external key for keys with protection level "external".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\fR=\fISTATE\fR
State of the key version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command enables the key version 8 of key \f5frodo\fR within
keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions update 8 \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
              \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
              \-\-key=frodo \e
              \-\-state=enabled
.RE

The following command disables the key version 8 of key \f5frodo\fR within
keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions update 8 \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
              \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
              \-\-key=frodo \e
              \-\-state=disabled
.RE

The following command updates the external key URI of version 8 of key
\f5frodo\fR within keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions update 8 \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
              \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
              \-\-key=frodo \e
              \-\-external\-key\-uri=https://example.kms/v0/some/key/path
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions update
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions update
.RE

