
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_CERTIFICATES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca certificates describe \- get metadata for a certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca certificates describe\fR (\fICERTIFICATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR\ \fB\-\-issuer\-location\fR=\fIISSUER_LOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Returns metadata for the given certificate.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE resource \- The certificate for which to obtain metadata. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [certificate]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE or fully qualified identifier for the CERTIFICATE. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR
The ID of the issuing certificate authority.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuer\-location\fR=\fIISSUER_LOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBprivateca/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get metadata for the 'frontend\-server\-tls' certificate:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates describe frontend\-server\-tls \e
  \-\-issuer=server\-tls\-1 \-\-issuer\-location=us\-west1
.RE

To download the PEM\-encoded certificate for the 'frontend\-server\-tls'
certificate to a file called 'frontend\-server\-tls.crt':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates describe frontend\-server\-tls \e
  \-\-issuer=server\-tls\-1 \-\-issuer\-location=us\-west1 \e
  \-\-format="value(pem_cert)" > ./frontend\-server\-tls.crt
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

