
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_BACKUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore backups create \- create a Cloud Filestore backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore backups create\fR \fIBACKUP\fR \fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-instance\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_ZONE\fR \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Filestore backup of an instance file share.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
An instance with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create backups.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore backup you want to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR
File share name on the Filestore instance to backup.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Share name of the Filestore instance you want to backup.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_ZONE\fR
Zone of the Filestore instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region (e.g. us\-central1) for the backup.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfile/v1p1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a backup with the name 'my\-backup' in a particular region like
\'us\-central1' from an instance called 'my\-instance' in 'us\-central1\-c' and
the source file share called 'my\-fs', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups create my\-backup \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance \-\-file\-share=my\-fs
    \-\-instance\-zone=us\-central1\-c \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

