
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_API\-GATEWAY_GATEWAYS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta api\-gateway gateways update \- update an API Gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta api\-gateway gateways update\fR (\fIGATEWAY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-api\-config\fR=\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an API Gateway.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Gateway resource \- Name for gateway which will be updated. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [gateway] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIGATEWAY\fR
ID of the gateway or fully qualified identifier for the gateway. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Cloud location for gateway.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human readable name which can optionally be supplied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

Api config resource \- Resource name for API config the gateway will use. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-api\-config] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-api\-config] on the
command line with a fully specified name; Location for API and API Configs.
Defaults to global.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\-config\fR=\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR
ID of the api\-config or fully qualified identifier for the api\-config. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
API ID.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway gateways update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway gateways update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the display name of a gateway, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway gateways update my\-gateway \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-display\-name="New Display Name"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway gateways update
.RE

