
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores export \- export Cloud Healthcare API FHIR resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores export\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-bq\-dataset\fR=\fIBQ_DATASET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-recursive\-depth\fR=\fIRECURSIVE_DEPTH\fR\ \fB\-\-schema\-type\fR=\fISCHEMA_TYPE\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export Cloud Healthcare API FHIR resources.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store to export resources from.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[fhir_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR
The Cloud Storage destination location. Specify a path to a Cloud Storage bucket
or folder rather than a concrete object. The exported outputs are organized by
FHIR resource types. The server will create one object per resource type. Each
object contains newline delimited JSON, and each line is a FHIR resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bq\-dataset\fR=\fIBQ_DATASET\fR
BigQuery dataset that houses the BigQuery tables. This flag must be specified if
any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recursive\-depth\fR=\fIRECURSIVE_DEPTH\fR
The depth for all recursive structures in the output analytics schema. For
example, concept in the CodeSystem resource is a recursive structure; when the
depth is 2, the CodeSystem table will have a column called concept.concept but
not concept.concept.concept. If not specified or set to 0, the server will use
the default value 2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\-type\fR=\fISCHEMA_TYPE\fR
Specifies the output schema type. If unspecified, the default is \f5LOSSLESS\fR.
\fISCHEMA_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBanalytics\fR
Analytics schema defined by the FHIR community. See
https://github.com/rbrush/sql\-on\-fhir/blob/master/sql\-on\-fhir.md.

.TP 2m
\fBlossless\fR
Schema generated from original FHIR data.

.RE
.sp



.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

