
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_MIGRATION\-JOBS_GENERATE\-SSH\-SCRIPT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs generate\-ssh\-script \- generate a SSH script for a Database Migration Service migration job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs generate\-ssh\-script\fR (\fIMIGRATION_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-vm\fR=\fIVM\fR (\fB\-\-vm\-zone\fR=\fIVM_ZONE\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-vm\-machine\-type\fR=\fIVM_MACHINE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-vpc\fR=\fIVPC\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-vm\-zone\-create\fR=\fIVM_ZONE_CREATE\fR]) [\fB\-\-vm\-port\fR=\fIVM_PORT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Generate a SSH script for a Database Migration Service migration
job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Migration job resource \- The migration job you want to generate SSH script for.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[migration_job] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMIGRATION_JOB\fR
ID of the migration_job or fully qualified identifier for the migration_job.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\fR=\fIVM\fR
Bastion VM Instance name to use or to create (if machineType is given).

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-zone\fR=\fIVM_ZONE\fR
Google Cloud Platform zone the VM is located in.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-machine\-type\fR=\fIVM_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
VM instance machine type to create. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpc\fR=\fIVPC\fR
VPC name the VM needs to be created in. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-zone\-create\fR=\fIVM_ZONE_CREATE\fR
Google Cloud Platform zone to create the VM in.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-port\fR=\fIVM_PORT\fR
Port that will be open on the bastion host.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatamigration/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datamigration/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To generate a SSH script for a Database Migration Service migration job with vm
creation config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs \e
    generate\-ssh\-script my\-migration\-job \-\-vm=sample\-vm \e
    \-\-vm\-port=1111 \-\-vm\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-1 \e
    \-\-vm\-zone\-create=us\-central1\-a \-\-vpc=sample\-vpc \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE

To generate a SSH script for a Database Migration Service migration job with vm
selection config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs \e
    generate\-ssh\-script my\-migration\-job \-\-vm=sample\-vm \e
    \-\-vm\-port=1111 \-\-vm\-zone=us\-central1\-a \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

