
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AUTH_REVOKE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha auth revoke \- revoke access credentials for an account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha auth revoke\fR [\fIACCOUNTS\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Revokes credentials for the specified user accounts or service
accounts. When you revoke the credentials, they are removed from the local
machine. If no account is specified, this command revokes credentials for the
currently active account, effectively logging out of that account.

You can revoke credentials when you want to disallow access by gcloud and other
Cloud SDK tools using a specified account. You don't need to revoke credentials
to switch between accounts.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIACCOUNTS\fR ...]
Accounts whose credentials are to be revoked.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Revoke credentials for all accounts.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth revoke
$ gcloud beta auth revoke
.RE

