
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute addresses delete \- release reserved IP addresses



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute addresses delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute addresses delete\fR releases one or more
Google Compute Engine IP addresses.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the addresses to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the addresses are global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the addresses to delete. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To release an address with the name 'address\-name', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute addresses delete address\-name
.RE

To release two addresses with the names 'address\-name1' and 'address\-name2',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute addresses delete addressname1 address\-name2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute addresses delete
$ gcloud beta compute addresses delete
.RE

