
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG_LOGPOINTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug logpoints delete \- delete debug logpoints for a Cloud Debugger debug target (debuggee)



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug logpoints delete\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\-users\fR] [\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud debug logpoints delete\fR is used to delete logpoints from a Cloud
Debugger debug target (debuggee). It will ask for confirmation before deleting
any logpoints. To suppress confirmation, use the global \-\-quiet option.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more logpoint resource identifiers. The specified logpoints will be
deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-users\fR
If set, any location regexp will match logpoints from all users, rather than
only logpoints created by the current user. This flag is not required when
specifying the exact ID of a logpoint created by another user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR
If set, any location regexp will also match inactive logpoints, rather than only
logpoints which have not expired. This flag is not required when specifying the
exact ID of an inactive logpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against logpoint locations. All logpoints matching
this value will be deleted. You may specify \-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud debug logpoints delete \e
    \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:4
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete all active debug logpoints created by the current user of the debug
target (debuggee), without being prompted for confirmation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug logpoints delete \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \-\-quiet
.RE

To delete all active and inactive debug logpoints created by all users of the
debug target (debuggee), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug logpoints delete \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \e
    \-\-include\-inactive \-\-all\-users
.RE

To delete the debug logpoints with IDs 'ID1' and 'ID2' (where ID1 and ID2 were
each created by different users) of the debug target (debuggee), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug logpoints delete ID1 ID2 \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \e
    \-\-all\-users
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug logpoints delete
.RE

