
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_MIGRATE\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app migrate\-config \- convert configuration files from one format to another



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app migrate\-config\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Automated one\-time migration tooling for helping with transition
of configuration from one state to another. Currently exclusively provides
commands for converting datastore\-indexes.xml, queue.xml, cron.xml and
dispatch.xml to their yaml counterparts.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcron\-xml\-to\-yaml\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Translates a cron.xml into cron.yaml.

.TP 2m
\fBdatastore\-indexes\-xml\-to\-yaml\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Translates a datastore\-indexes.xml into index.yaml.

.TP 2m
\fBdispatch\-xml\-to\-yaml\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Translates a dispatch.xml into dispatch.yaml.

.TP 2m
\fBqueue\-xml\-to\-yaml\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Translates a queue.xml into queue.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To convert a cron.xml to cron.yaml, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app migrate\-config cron\-xml\-to\-yaml \e
    my/app/WEB\-INF/cron.xml
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

