
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_DATABASES_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner databases restore \- restore a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner databases restore\fR (\fB\-\-destination\-database\fR=\fIDESTINATION_DATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-destination\-instance\fR=\fIDESTINATION_INSTANCE\fR) (\fB\-\-source\-backup\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restores from a backup to a new Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- TEXT The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-destination\-database] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-database\fR=\fIDESTINATION_DATABASE\fR
ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-instance\fR=\fIDESTINATION_INSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- TEXT The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-source\-backup] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-backup\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the backup.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To restore a backup, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases restore \-\-source\-backup=BACKUP_ID \e
    \-\-source\-instance=SOURCE_INSTANCE \e
    \-\-destination\-database=DATABASE \e
    \-\-destination\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME
.RE

To restore a backup using relative names, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases restore \e
    \-\-source\-backup=projects/PROJECT_ID/instances/\e
SOURCE_INSTANCE_ID/backups/BACKUP_ID \e
    \-\-destination\-database=projects/PROJECT_ID/instances/\e
SOURCE_INSTANCE_ID/databases/DATABASE_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases restore
$ gcloud beta spanner databases restore
.RE

