
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute url\-maps create \- create a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute url\-maps create\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR (\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute url\-maps create\fR is used to create URL
maps which map HTTP and HTTPS request URLs to backend services and backend
buckets. Mappings are done using a longest\-match strategy.

There are two components to a mapping: a host rule and a path matcher. A host
rule maps one or more hosts to a path matcher. A path matcher maps request paths
to backend services or backend buckets. For example, a host rule can map the
hosts \f5\fI\fB.google.com\fR\fR and \f5\fIgoogle.com\fR\fR to a path matcher
called \f5\fIwww\fR\fR. The \f5\fIwww\fR\fR path matcher in turn can map the
path \f5\fI/search/\fR\fR\fR to the search backend service, the path
\f5\fI/static/\fB\fR\fR to the static backend bucket and everything else to a
default backend service or default backend bucket.

Host rules and patch matchers can be added to the URL map after the map is
created by using \f5gcloud compute url\-maps edit\fR or by using \f5gcloud
compute url\-maps add\-path\-matcher\fR and \f5gcloud compute url\-maps
add\-host\-rule\fR.


\fR

.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP\fR
Name of the URL map to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR
A backend bucket that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the URL map.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a global URL map with a default service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps create URL_MAP_NAME \e
    \-\-default\-service=BACKEND_SERVICE_NAME
.RE

To create a regional URL map with a default service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps create URL_MAP_NAME \e
    \-\-default\-service=BACKEND_SERVICE_NAME \-\-region=REGION_NAME
.RE

To create a global URL map with a default backend bucket, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps create URL_MAP_NAME \e
    \-\-default\-backend\-bucket=BACKEND_BUCKET_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps create
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps create
.RE

