
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_WEB_DISABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap web disable \- disable Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud\ IAP) on an IAP resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap web disable\fR [\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command disables Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy on an IAP
resource. Disabling IAP does not clear the OAuth 2.0 credentials.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR
Resource type of the IAP resource. \fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBapp\-engine\fR, \fBbackend\-services\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Service name. Required with \f5\-\-resource\-type=backend\-services\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To disable IAP on an App Engine application, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web disable \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine
.RE

To disable IAP on a backend service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web disable \-\-resource\-type=backend\-service \e
    \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iap web disable
$ gcloud beta iap web disable
.RE

