
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_LEVELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels create \- create a new access level



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels create\fR (\fILEVEL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) \fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR (\fB\-\-custom\-level\-spec\fR=\fICUSTOM_LEVEL_SPEC\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-basic\-level\-spec\fR=\fIBASIC_LEVEL_SPEC\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-combine\-function\fR=\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR;\ default="and"]) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new access level in a given access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Level resource \- The access level to create. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILEVEL\fR
ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
Short human\-readable title of the access level.

.TP 2m

Level specification. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Custom level specification.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-level\-spec\fR=\fICUSTOM_LEVEL_SPEC\fR
Path to a file representing an expression that represents an access level.

The expression is in the Common Expression Langague (CEL) format. For example:

.RS 2m
  expression: "origin.region_code in ['US', 'CA']"
.RE

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Basic level specification.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-basic\-level\-spec\fR=\fIBASIC_LEVEL_SPEC\fR
Path to a file containing a list of basic access level conditions.

An access level condition file is a YAML\-formatted list of conditions, which
are YAML objects representing a Condition as described in the API reference. For
example:

.RS 2m
 \- ipSubnetworks:
   \- 162.222.181.197/24
   \- 2001:db8::/48
 \- members
   \- user:user@example.com
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-combine\-function\fR=\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR; default="and"
For a basic level, determines how conditions are combined.
\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR must be one of: \fBand\fR, \fBor\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Long\-form description of access level.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager levels create
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager levels create
.RE

