
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_IMPORT\-JOBS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a KMS import job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a KMS import job. One
binding consists of a member and a role.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Import job resource \- The import job to add the IAM policy binding to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [import_job] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR
ID of the import job or fully qualified identifier for the import job. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudkms/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/kms/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/viewer' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the import job frodo with the keyring fellowship and
location global, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs add\-iam\-policy\-binding frodo \e
    \-\-keyring='fellowship' \-\-location='global' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/viewer'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms import\-jobs add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta kms import\-jobs add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

