
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS_PARTNER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments partner \- create or manipulate partner interconnect attachments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments partner\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create or manipulate Partner Interconnect attachments.

For more information about interconnect attachments for Partner Interconnect,
see the documentation for Partner interconnect attachments
(https://cloud.google.com/network\-connectivity/docs/interconnect/how\-to/dedicated/creating\-vlan\-attachments).

See also: Interconnect attachments API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/interconnectAttachments).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine partner interconnect attachment.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine partner interconnect attachment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments partner
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments partner
.RE

