
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-INSTANCE\-TEMPLATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template \- set the instance template for a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed
set\-instance\-template\fR sets the instance template for an existing managed
instance group.

The new template applies to all new instances added to the managed instance
group.

To apply the new template to existing instances in the group, use one of the
following methods:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Update instances using the \f5update\-instances\fR command.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Recreate instances using the \f5recreate\-instances\fR command.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Use the \f5rolling\-action start\-update\fR command.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Use the API to set the group's \f5updatePolicy.type\fR to \f5PROACTIVE\fR.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Compute Engine instance template resource to be used.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-instance\-template
.RE

