
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_MODIFY\-PUSH\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config \- modifies the push configuration of a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Modifies the push configuration of a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to modify. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR
A URL to use as the endpoint for this subscription. This will also automatically
set the subscription type to PUSH.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config
.RE

