
.TH "GCLOUD_ENDPOINTS_SERVICES_DEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud endpoints services deploy \- deploys a service configuration for the given service name



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud endpoints services deploy\fR \fISERVICE_CONFIG_FILE\fR [\fISERVICE_CONFIG_FILE\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR] [\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command is used to deploy a service configuration for a service to Google
Service Management. As input, it takes one or more paths to service
configurations that should be uploaded. These configuration files can be Proto
Descriptors, Open API (Swagger) specifications, or Google Service Configuration
files in JSON or YAML formats. When specifying Proto Descriptors, you can
optionally pass in the uncompiled proto files as well to enable documentation
for your API in the Endpoints Developer Portal.

If a service name is present in multiple configuration files (given in the
\f5host\fR field in OpenAPI specifications or the \f5name\fR field in Google
Service Configuration files), the first one will take precedence.

This command will block until deployment is complete unless the \f5\-\-async\fR
flag is passed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE_CONFIG_FILE\fR [\fISERVICE_CONFIG_FILE\fR ...]
The service configuration file (or files) containing the API specification to
upload. Proto Descriptors, Open API (Swagger) specifications, and Google Service
Configuration files in JSON and YAML formats are acceptable. When uploading
proto descriptors, you can optionally pass the uncompiled proto files as well.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR, \fB\-f\fR
Force the deployment even if any hazardous changes to the service configuration
are detected.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR
If included, the command will only validate the service configuration(s). No
configuration(s) will be persisted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deploy a single Open API service configuration, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services deploy ~/my_app/openapi.json
.RE

To run the deployment asynchronously (non\-blocking), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services deploy ~/my_app/openapi.json \-\-async
.RE

To deploy a service config with a Proto, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services deploy ~/my_app/service\-config.yaml \e
    ~/my_app/service\-protos.pb
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services deploy
$ gcloud beta endpoints services deploy
.RE

