
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_HADOOP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs submit hadoop \- submit a Hadoop job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs submit hadoop\fR  \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR (\fB\-\-class\fR=\fIMAIN_CLASS\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-jar\fR=\fIMAIN_JAR\fR) [\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIJOB_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a Hadoop job to a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIJOB_ARGS\fR ...]
The arguments to pass to the driver.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and JOB_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-class\fR=\fIMAIN_CLASS\fR
The class containing the main method of the driver. Must be in a provided jar or
jar that is already on the classpath

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jar\fR=\fIMAIN_JAR\fR
The HCFS URI of jar file containing the driver jar.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of archives to be provided to the job. must be one of the
following file formats: .zip, .tar, .tar.gz, or .tgz.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Does not wait for the job to run.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
A list of package to log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of files to be provided to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the MR and driver
classpaths.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR
Specifies maximum number of times a job can be restarted in event of failure.
Expressed as a per\-hour rate. Default is 0 (no failure retries).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to configure Hadoop.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Hadoop job that runs the main class of a jar, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit hadoop \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-jar my_jar.jar \-\- arg1 arg2
.RE

To submit a Hadoop job that runs a specific class of a jar, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit hadoop \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-class org.my.main.Class \e
    \-\-jars my_jar1.jar,my_jar2.jar \-\- arg1 arg2
.RE

To submit a Hadoop job that runs a jar that is already on the cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit hadoop \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-jar file:///usr/lib/hadoop\-op/hadoop\-op\-examples.jar \e
    \-\- wordcount gs://my_bucket/my_file.txt gs://my_bucket/output
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit hadoop
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit hadoop
.RE

