
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_ACCOUNTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing accounts describe \- show metadata for a billing account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing accounts describe\fR \fIACCOUNT_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command shows info for a billing account, given its ID.

This call can fail for the following reasons:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The account specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given account.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR
Specify a billing account ID. Billing account IDs are of the form
\f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR. To see available IDs, run \f5$ gcloud alpha
billing accounts list\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see details for billing account \f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing accounts describe 0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing accounts describe
.RE

