
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_DICOM\-STORES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIDICOM_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

DicomStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store whose IAM policy to set.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[dicom_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDICOM_STORE\fR
ID of the dicomStore or fully qualified identifier for the dicomStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the dicom store 'test\-dicom\-store':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores set\-iam\-policy \e
    test\-dicom\-store policy.json \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud healthcare dicom\-stores set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores set\-iam\-policy
.RE

