
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-services \- list, create, and delete backend services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-services\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete backend services.

For more information about backend services, see the backend services
documentation (https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/backend\-service).

See also: Global backend services API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/backendServices) and
Regional backend services API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionBackendServices).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-backend\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a backend to a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add Cloud CDN Signed URL key to a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Cloud CDN Signed URL key from a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBedit\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Modify backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-health\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get backend health statuses from a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-backend\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a backend from a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-security\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Set the security policy for a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-backend\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing backend in a backend service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services
.RE

