
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_EMULATORS_DATASTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha emulators datastore \- manage your local datastore emulator



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha emulators datastore\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-legacy\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This set of commands allows you to start and use a local datastore
emulator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR
The directory to be used to store/retrieve data/config for an emulator run. The
default value is \f5<USER_CONFIG_DIR>/emulators/datastore\fR. The value of
USER_CONFIG_DIR can be found by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='get(config.paths.global_config_dir)'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-legacy\fR
Set to use the legacy emulator which supports Cloud Datastore API v1beta2.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBenv\-init\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print the commands required to export env variables of a
datastore.

.TP 2m
\fBenv\-unset\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print the commands required to unset a datastore emulators env
variables.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start a local datastore emulator.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a local datastore emulator, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha emulators datastore start
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators datastore
.RE

