
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_CREATE_HTTPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute health\-checks create https \- create a HTTPS health check to monitor load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute health\-checks create https\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default=2] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default=80] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-specification\fR=\fIPORT_SPECIFICATION\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR;\ default="/"] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default=2] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute health\-checks create https\fR is used to
create a HTTPS health check. HTTPS health checks monitor instances in a load
balancer controlled by a target pool. All arguments to the command are optional
except for the name of the health check. Note, by default, this health check
monitors TCP port 80. For more information on load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the HTTPS health check to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR; default="5s"
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. The default value is
\f5\fI5s\fR\fR. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional string description for the HTTPS health check.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default=2
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy. The default is 2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
The value of the host header used in this HTTP health check request. By default,
this is empty and Google Compute Engine automatically sets the host header in
health requests to the same external IP address as the forwarding rule
associated with the target pool.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default=80
The TCP port number that this health check monitors. The default value is 80.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-specification\fR=\fIPORT_SPECIFICATION\fR
Specifies how port is selected for health checking. If not specified, HTTP2
health check follows behavior specified in \-\-port and \-port\-name fields.
\fIPORT_SPECIFICATION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBuse\-fixed\-port\fR
\-\-port is used for health checking.
.TP 2m
\fBuse\-named\-port\fR
\-\-port\-name is used for health checking.
.TP 2m
\fBuse\-serving\-port\fR
For NetworkEndpointGroup, the port specified for each network endpoint is used
for health checking. For other backends, the port or named port specified in the
Backend Service is used for health checking.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR; default="/"
The request path that this health check monitors. For example,
\f5\fI/healthcheck\fR\fR. The default value is ``/''.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
When empty, status code of the response determines health. When not empty,
presence of specified string in first 1024 characters of response body
determines health. Only ASCII characters allowed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="5s"
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. The
default value is \f5\fI5s\fR\fR. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default=2
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy. The default is 2.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute health\-checks create https
$ gcloud beta compute health\-checks create https
.RE

