
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_ASYMMETRIC\-SIGN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms asymmetric\-sign \- sign a user input file using an asymmetric\-signing key version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms asymmetric\-sign\fR \fB\-\-digest\-algorithm\fR=\fIDIGEST_ALGORITHM\fR \fB\-\-input\-file\fR=\fIINPUT_FILE\fR \fB\-\-signature\-file\fR=\fISIGNATURE_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a digital signature of the input file using the provided
asymmetric\-signing key version and saves the base64 encoded signature.

The required flag \f5signature\-file\fR indicates the path to store signature.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-digest\-algorithm\fR=\fIDIGEST_ALGORITHM\fR
The algorithm to digest the input. \fIDIGEST_ALGORITHM\fR must be one of:
\fBsha256\fR, \fBsha384\fR, \fBsha512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-input\-file\fR=\fIINPUT_FILE\fR
Path to the input file to sign.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signature\-file\fR=\fISIGNATURE_FILE\fR
Path to the signature file to output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
to use for signing.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Version to use for signing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read the file '/tmp/my/file.to.sign', digest it with
the digest algorithm 'sha256' and sign it using the asymmetric CryptoKey
\f5dont\-panic\fR Version 3, and save the signature in base64 format to
\'/tmp/my/signature'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms asymmetric\-sign \e
\-\-location=us\-central1 \e
\-\-keyring=hitchhiker \e
\-\-key=dont\-panic \e
\-\-version=1 \e
\-\-digest\-algorithm=sha256 \e
\-\-input\-file=/tmp/my/file.to.sign \e
\-\-signature\-file=/tmp/my/signature
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms asymmetric\-sign
$ gcloud beta kms asymmetric\-sign
.RE

