
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYRINGS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keyrings set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a keyring



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keyrings set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIKEYRING\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given keyring as defined in a JSON or
YAML file.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEYRING\fR
Name of the key ring whose IAM policy to update.

.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the keyring \f5fellowship\fR with location
\f5global\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keyrings set\-iam\-policy fellowship policy.json \e
    \-\-location=global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keyrings set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta kms keyrings set\-iam\-policy
.RE

