
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS_CLEAR" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot registries credentials clear \- delete all credentials from a registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot registries credentials clear\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete all credentials from a registry.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

REGISTRY \- The device registry for which to clear credentials. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials clear
$ gcloud alpha iot registries credentials clear
.RE

