
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys create \- create a new key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys create\fR \fIKEY\fR \fB\-\-purpose\fR=\fIPURPOSE\fR [\fB\-\-default\-algorithm\fR=\fIDEFAULT_ALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-protection\-level\fR=\fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR;\ default="software"] [\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a new key within the given keyring.

The flag \f5purpose\fR is always required when creating a key. The flag
\f5default\-algorithm\fR is required when creating an asymmetric key. Algorithm
and purpose should be compatible.

The optional flags \f5rotation\-period\fR and \f5next\-rotation\-time\fR define
a rotation schedule for the key. A schedule can also be defined by the
\f5create\-rotation\-schedule\fR command.

The flag \f5next\-rotation\-time\fR must be in ISO 8601 or RFC3339 format, and
\f5rotation\-period\fR must be in the form INTEGER[UNIT], where units can be one
of seconds (s), minutes (m), hours (h) or days (d).

The optional flag \f5protection\-level\fR specifies the protection level of the
created key. The default is software; use "HSM" to create a hardware\-backed
key.

The optional flag \f5labels\fR defines a user specified key/value pair for the
given key.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-purpose\fR=\fIPURPOSE\fR
The "purpose" of the key. \fIPURPOSE\fR must be one of:
\fBasymmetric\-encryption\fR, \fBasymmetric\-signing\fR, \fBencryption\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-algorithm\fR=\fIDEFAULT_ALGORITHM\fR
The default algorithm for the crypto key. See
https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/algorithms for guidance on choosing an
algorithm. \fIDEFAULT_ALGORITHM\fR must be one of: \fBec\-sign\-p256\-sha256\fR,
\fBec\-sign\-p384\-sha384\fR, \fBgoogle\-symmetric\-encryption\fR,
\fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-2048\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-3072\-sha256\fR,
\fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-4096\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-4096\-sha512\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-2048\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-3072\-sha256\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-4096\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-4096\-sha512\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-2048\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-3072\-sha256\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-4096\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-4096\-sha512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR
Next automatic rotation time of the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-protection\-level\fR=\fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR; default="software"
Protection level of the key. \fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR must be one of:
\fBsoftware\fR, \fBhsm\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR
Automatic rotation period of the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on duration formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a key named \f5frodo\fR with protection level
\f5software\fR within the keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create frodo \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-purpose=encryption
.RE

The following command creates a key named \f5strider\fR with protection level
\f5software\fR within the keyring \f5rangers\fR and location \f5global\fR with a
specified rotation schedule:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create strider \e
    \-\-location=global \-\-keyring=rangers \e
    \-\-purpose=encryption \e
    \-\-rotation\-period=30d \e
    \-\-next\-rotation\-time=2017\-10\-12T12:34:56.1234Z
.RE

The following command creates a key named \f5foo\fR with protection level
\f5software\fR within the keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR
with two specified labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create foo \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-purpose=encryption \e
    \-\-labels=env=prod,team=kms
.RE

The following command creates an asymmetric key named \f5samwise\fR with
protection level \f5software\fR and default algorithm
\f5ec\-sign\-p256\-sha256\fR within the keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location
\f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create samwise \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-purpose=asymmetric\-signing \e
    \-\-default\-algorithm=ec\-sign\-p256\-sha256
.RE

The following command creates a key named \f5gimli\fR with protection level
\f5hsm\fR and default algorithm \f5google\-symmetric\-encryption\fR within the
keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create gimli \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-protection\-level=hsm
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys create
$ gcloud beta kms keys create
.RE

