
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES_GATEWAYS_BIND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices gateways bind \- associate a device with a gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices gateways bind\fR (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-device\-region\fR=\fIDEVICE_REGION\fR\ \fB\-\-device\-registry\fR=\fIDEVICE_REGISTRY\fR) (\fB\-\-gateway\fR=\fIGATEWAY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-gateway\-region\fR=\fIGATEWAY_REGION\fR\ \fB\-\-gateway\-registry\fR=\fIGATEWAY_REGISTRY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Associate a device with a gateway.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device to bind to the gateway. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-device] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-region\fR=\fIDEVICE_REGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-registry\fR=\fIDEVICE_REGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Gateway resource \- The gateway device to bind to. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-gateway] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gateway\fR=\fIGATEWAY\fR
ID of the gateway or fully qualified identifier for the gateway. This flag must
be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gateway\-region\fR=\fIGATEWAY_REGION\fR
The Cloud region for the gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gateway\-registry\fR=\fIGATEWAY_REGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the gateway.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudiot/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices gateways bind
$ gcloud beta iot devices gateways bind
.RE

