
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_LIST\-CDN\-CACHE\-INVALIDATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations \- list Cloud CDN cache invalidations for a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations\fR \fIURLMAP\fR [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud CDN cache invalidations for a URL map. A cache
invalidation instructs Cloud CDN to stop using cached content. You can list
invalidations to check which have completed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURLMAP\fR
The name of the URL map.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of invalidations to list.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations
.RE

