
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices update \- update an existing device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices update\fR (\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fB\-\-auth\-method\fR=\fIAUTH_METHOD\fR] [\fB\-\-blocked\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fILOG_LEVEL\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIPATH\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing device.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device to update. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [device] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auth\-method\fR=\fIAUTH_METHOD\fR
The authorization/authentication method used by devices in relation to the
gateway. This property is set only on gateways. If left unspecified, devices
will not be able to access the gateway. \fIAUTH_METHOD\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBassociation\-and\-device\-auth\-token\fR
The device is authenticated through both device credentials and gateway
association.
.TP 2m
\fBassociation\-only\fR
The device is authenticated through the gateway association only. Device
credentials are ignored if provided.
.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-auth\-token\-only\fR
The device is authenticated through its own credentials. Gateway association is
not checked.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-blocked\fR
If blocked, connections from this device will fail.

Can be used to temporarily prevent the device from connecting if, for example,
the sensor is generating bad data and needs maintenance.



Use \f5\-\-no\-blocked\fR to enable connections and \f5\-\-blocked\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fILOG_LEVEL\fR
The default logging verbosity for activity from devices in this registry. The
verbosity level can be overridden by setting a specific device's log level.

\fILOG_LEVEL\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdebug\fR
All events will be logged
.TP 2m
\fBerror\fR
Error events will be logged.
.TP 2m
\fBinfo\fR
Informational events will be logged, such as connections and disconnections.
Also includes error events.
.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
Disables logging.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The metadata key/value pairs assigned to devices. This metadata is not
interpreted or indexed by Cloud IoT Core. It can be used to add contextual
information for the device.

Keys should only contain the following characters \f5[a\-zA\-Z0\-9\-_]\fR and be
fewer than 128 bytes in length. Values are free\-form strings. Each value must
be fewer than or equal to 32 KB in size.

The total size of all keys and values must be less than 256 KB, and the maximum
number of key\-value pairs is 500.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIPATH\fR,...]
Same as \-\-metadata, but the metadata values will be read from the file
specified by path.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices update
$ gcloud beta iot devices update
.RE

