
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_DEPLOYMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers deployments create \- create a Deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers deployments create\fR (\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-spec\-file\fR=\fISPEC_FILE\fR\ \fB\-\-template\-id\fR=\fITEMPLATE_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Game Server Deployment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Deployment resource \- Cloud Game Server Deployment to create. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [deployment] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the deployment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

Game server template for a new rollout. In order to start a new rollout, you
should first add a game server template that includes the game server spec that
will be sent to Agones during rollout. The spec file is a path to a JSON or YAML
file that contains game server spec. The game server spec follows the format of
the spec field in Agones GameServer custom resource. Please see
https://agones.dev/site/docs/reference/gameserver/ for more details.



.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the game server template.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-spec\-file\fR=\fISPEC_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file that contains game server spec which is sent to
Agones. The game server spec follows the format of the spec field in Agones
GameServer custom resource. Please see
https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/master/examples/simple\-udp/gameserver.yaml
for example and
https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/master/pkg/apis/agones/v1/gameserver.go
for GameServerTemplateSpec definition. Required when template\-id is specified.
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\-id\fR=\fITEMPLATE_ID\fR
ID of the game server template. Required when spec\-file is specified. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

