
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_DESCRIBE\-INSTANCE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe\-instance \- describe an instance in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe\-instance\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed
describe\-instance\fR describes an instance in a managed instance group, listing
all its attributes in YAML format.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to describe the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Name of the managed instance group that contains the instance to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to describe the instance. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to describe the instance. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an instance \f5instance\-1\fR in \f5my\-group\fR (in region
europe\-west4), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed describe\-instance \e
      my\-group \-\-instance=instance\-1 \e
      \-\-region=europe\-west4
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed describe\-instance
.RE

