
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute images import \- import a Google Compute Engine image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute images import\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-data\-disk\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR) (\fB\-\-source\-file\fR=\fISOURCE_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-image\fR=\fISOURCE_IMAGE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="2h"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute images import\fR imports Virtual Disk
images, such as VMWare VMDK files and VHD files, into Google Compute Engine.

Importing images involves 3 steps:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Upload the virtual disk file to Google Cloud Storage.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Import the image to Google Compute Engine.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Translate the image to make a bootable image.
.RE
.sp
This command will perform all three of these steps as necessary, depending on
the input arguments specified by the user.

This command uses the \f5\-\-os\fR flag to choose the appropriate translation.
You can omit the translation step using the \f5\-\-data\-disk\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
The name of the disk image to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-disk\fR
Specifies that the disk has no bootable OS installed on it. Imports the disk
without making it bootable or installing Google tools on it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR
Specifies the OS of the image being imported. \fIOS\fR must be one of:
\fBcentos\-6\fR, \fBcentos\-7\fR, \fBdebian\-8\fR, \fBdebian\-9\fR,
\fBrhel\-6\fR, \fBrhel\-6\-byol\fR, \fBrhel\-7\fR, \fBrhel\-7\-byol\fR,
\fBubuntu\-1404\fR, \fBubuntu\-1604\fR, \fBwindows\-2008r2\fR,
\fBwindows\-2012r2\fR, \fBwindows\-2016\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-file\fR=\fISOURCE_FILE\fR
A local file, or the Google Cloud Storage URI of the virtual disk file to
import. For example: \f5\fIgs://my\-bucket/my\-image.vmdk\fR\fR or
\f5\fI./my\-local\-image.vmdk\fR\fR

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-image\fR=\fISOURCE_IMAGE\fR
An existing Compute Engine image from which to import.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR
Directory in Google Cloud Storage to hold build logs. If not set,
\f5gs://<project num>.cloudbuild\-logs.googleusercontent.com/\fR will be created
and used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="2h"
Maximum time a build can last before it is failed as "TIMEOUT". For example,
specifying \f5\fI2h\fR\fR will fail the process after 2 hours. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the image to import. The zone in which to do the work of importing
the image. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images import
$ gcloud beta compute images import
.RE

