
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_LEVELS_CONDITIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels conditions list \- list conditions for an access level



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels conditions list\fR (\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List conditions for a basic access level.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Level resource \- The access level you want to list the conditions for. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-level\fR=\fILEVEL\fR
ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager levels conditions list
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager levels conditions list
.RE

