
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS_DEDICATED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments dedicated \- create or manipulate dedicated interconnect attachments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments dedicated\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create or manipulate Dedicated Interconnect attachments.

For more information about about interconnect attachments for Dedicated
Interconnect, see the documentation for Dedicated interconnect attachments
(https://cloud.google.com/interconnect/docs/how\-to/dedicated/creating\-vlan\-attachments).

See also: Interconnect attachments API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/interconnectAttachments).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine dedicated interconnect attachment.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine dedicated interconnect attachment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments dedicated
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated
.RE

