
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_INTENTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow intents describe \- describe a Dialogflow intent



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow intents describe\fR \fIINTENT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Dialogflow intent.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Intent resource \- Intent to describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [intent] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINTENT\fR
ID of the intent or fully qualified identifier for the intent.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow\-enterprise/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an intent:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow intents describe \e
    12345678\-1234\-1234\-1234\-1234567890ab
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

