
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks \- list, create, and delete Compute Engine networks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate VPC networks.

For more information about networks, see the networks documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc).

See also: Networks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/networks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpeerings\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List, create, and delete, and update VPC Network Peering.

.TP 2m
\fBsubnets\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List, describe, and delete, and update Compute Engine subnetworks.

.TP 2m
\fBvpc\-access\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage VPC Access Service resources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine network.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine networks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine network.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-effective\-firewalls\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the effective firewalls of a Google Compute Engine network.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine networks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks
$ gcloud alpha compute networks
.RE

