
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates run \- run a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates run\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Run a workflow template.

Workflow template run command is deprecated, please use instantiate command:
"gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate"



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to run. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [TEMPLATE] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes
an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Google
Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a
special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all
Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc
regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates run
.RE

