
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_PATCH\-DEPLOYMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-deployments \- manage guest OS patch deployments for Compute Engine VM instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-deployments\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage guest OS patch deployments for Compute Engine VM instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a patch deployment for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete the specified patch deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe the specified patch deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List patch deployments in a project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-config patch\-deployments
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-deployments
.RE

