
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_CHANNELS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring channels describe \- describe a notification channel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring channels describe\fR \fICHANNEL\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a notification channel.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Notification channel resource \- The notification channel to describe. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the flag [channel] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICHANNEL\fR
The ID of the notification_channel or a fully qualified identifier for the
notification_channel.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v3\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

