
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets locations describe \- describe a location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets locations describe\fR \fILOCATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a location available for storing secrets.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- The location to describe. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [LOCATION] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILOCATION\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Describe the location 'us\-central1':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets locations describe us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets locations describe
.RE

