
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_MEMBERSHIPS_MODIFY\-MEMBERSHIP\-ROLES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups memberships modify\-membership\-roles \- add/remove/modify membership roles of a membership in a group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups memberships modify\-membership\-roles\fR \fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR \fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR [\fB\-\-update\-roles\-params\fR=[\fIUPDATE_ROLES_PARAMS\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-add\-roles\fR=\fIADD_ROLES\fR\ \fB\-\-remove\-roles\fR=[\fIREMOVE_ROLES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add/remove/modify membership roles OR update expiry details of
membership in a group.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group that member\-email belongs to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group or user that is being updated


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-roles\-params\fR=[\fIUPDATE_ROLES_PARAMS\fR,...]
Resource representing the parameters to update membership roles. An example
whould be \-\-update\-roles\-params MEMBER=expiry_detail.expire_time

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-roles\fR=\fIADD_ROLES\fR
Membership roles to be added. Currently supported MembershipRole: 'MEMBER',
\'OWNER', 'MANAGER'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-roles\fR=[\fIREMOVE_ROLES\fR,...]
Membership role names to be removed. Currently supported MembershipRole:
\'OWNER', 'MANAGER'. MEMBER\-less owner is not supported so removing just MEMBER
role won't be possible.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add a new membership role to an existing group\-member pair.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups memberships modify\-membership\-roles \e
    \-\-group\-email="eng\-discuss@foo.com"  \e
    \-\-member\-email="user@foo.com"  \e
    \-\-add\-roles=OWNER
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups memberships modify\-membership\-roles
.RE

