
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_CONFIGURATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run configurations describe \- obtain details about a given configuration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run configurations describe\fR (\fICONFIGURATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Obtain details about a given configuration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Configuration resource \- Configuration to describe. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONFIGURATION\fR
ID of the configuration or fully qualified identifier for the configuration.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: The Kubernetes namespace for the
configuration


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region in which to create the service.

.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: The Kubernetes
Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [run/cluster] with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: The location of the cluster.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To obtain details about a given configuration:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run configurations describe <configuration\-name>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

