
.TH "GCLOUD_FIREBASE_TEST_NETWORK\-PROFILES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud firebase test network\-profiles \- explore network profiles available for testing



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud firebase test network\-profiles\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

A network traffic profile consists of a set of parameters to emulate network
conditions when running a test. This feature only works on physical devices. The
network shaping parameters are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBRULE\fR: Where to apply traffic shaping. The UP rule shapes the connection
from the device to the internet. The DOWN rule shapes the connection from the
internet to the device.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBDELAY\fR: The delay in packet transmission, in ms.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBLOSS_RATIO\fR: The ratio of packets dropped during transmission.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBDUPLICATION_RATIO\fR: The ratio of packets duplicated during transmission.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBBANDWIDTH\fR: The average packet transmission rate in kbits/s, as defined by
the token bucket algorithm.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\fBBURST\fR: The total size, in kbits, by which packets can exceed the
bandwidth, as defined by the token bucket algorithm.
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a network profile.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List all network profiles available for testing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all network profiles which can be used for testing, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firebase test network\-profiles list
.RE

To view information about a specific network profile, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firebase test network\-profiles describe PROFILE_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test network\-profiles
$ gcloud beta firebase test network\-profiles
.RE

