
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_VMWARE_PRIVATECLOUDS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds describe \- describe a Cloud VMware privatecloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds describe\fR (\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a VMware privatecloud.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Privatecloud resource \- privatecloud. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [privatecloud] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR
ID of the privatecloud or fully qualified identifier for the privatecloud. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the privatecloud or cluster.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a privatecloud called example\-privatecloud in project my\-project
and location us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds describe example\-privatecloud
.RE

Or:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds describe example\-privatecloud \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE

Or:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware privateclouds describe \e
    /projects/my\-project/locations/us\-central1/example\-privatecloud
.RE

In the first example, the project and location are taken from gcloud properties
core/project and vmware/location.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

