
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_NETWORK\-INTERFACES_GET\-EFFECTIVE\-FIREWALLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces get\-effective\-firewalls \- get the effective firewalls on a Google Compute Engine virtual machine network interface



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces get\-effective\-firewalls\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces
get\-effective\-firewalls\fR Get the effective firewalls applied on the network
interfaces of a Google Compute Engine virtual machine. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces \e
    get\-effective\-firewalls example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

gets the effective firewalls applied on the default network interface of a
Google Compute Engine virtual machine "example\-instance" in zone
us\-central1\-a



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
The name of the network interface to get the effective firewalls.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

