
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_PEERINGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks peerings create \- create a Google Compute Engine network peering



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks peerings create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR \fB\-\-peer\-network\fR=\fIPEER_NETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-auto\-create\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-peer\-project\fR=\fIPEER_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute networks peerings create\fR is used to create peerings between
virtual networks. Each side of a peering association is set up independently.
Peering will be active only when the configuration from both sides matches.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the peering.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The name of the network in the current project to be peered with the peer
network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-network\fR=\fIPEER_NETWORK\fR
The name of the network to be peered with the current network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-create\-routes\fR
If set, will automatically create routes for the network peering. Note that a
backend error will be returned if this is not set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-project\fR=\fIPEER_PROJECT\fR
The name of the project for the peer network. If not specified, defaults to
current project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a network peering with the name 'peering\-name' between the network
\'local\-network' and the network 'peer\-network', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks peerings create peering\-name \e
  \-\-network=local\-network \e
  \-\-peer\-network=peer\-network
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks peerings create
$ gcloud beta compute networks peerings create
.RE

