
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_AUTOSCALING\-POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete \- delete an autoscaling policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete\fR (\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Autoscaling policy resource \- The autoscaling policy to delete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [autoscaling_policy]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR
ID of the autoscaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the autoscaling
policy. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the autoscaling policy. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes the autoscaling policy
\f5example\-autoscaling\-policy\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete \e
    example\-autoscaling\-policy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete
$ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete
.RE

