
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_PATCH\-JOBS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs \- manage OS patches for Compute Engine VMs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage OS patches for Compute Engine VMs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a specific OS patch job which must currently be active.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a specified OS patch job.

.TP 2m
\fBexecute\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Execute an OS patch on the specified VM instances.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List ongoing and completed patch jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instance\-details\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the instance details for an OS patch job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-config patch\-jobs
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-jobs
.RE

