
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_VPN\-GATEWAYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute vpn\-gateways create \- create a new Google Compute Engine High Available VPN gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute vpn\-gateways create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute vpn\-gateways create\fR creates a new High
Available VPN gateway.

High Available VPN Gateway provides a means to create a VPN solution with a
higher availability SLA compared to Classic Target VPN Gateway. High Available
VPN gateways are referred to as simply VPN gateways in the API documentation and
gcloud commands. A VPN Gateway can reference one or more VPN tunnels that
connect it to external VPN gateways or Cloud VPN Gateways.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the VPN Gateway to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
A reference to a network to which the VPN gateway is attached.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the VPN Gateway to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways create
.RE

