
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_OS\-INVENTORY_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances os\-inventory describe \- describe a Google Compute Engine virtual instance's OS inventory data



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances os\-inventory describe\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances os\-inventory describe\fR displays all OS inventory
data associated with a Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to describe. If not specified, the user may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user will
then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see OS inventory of an instance named my\-instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances os\-inventory describe my\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances os\-inventory describe
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory describe
.RE

