
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-TEMPLATES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIINSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given instance template as defined in
a JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance template resource \- The instance template to set the IAM policy for.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [instance_template] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the instance_template or fully qualified identifier for the
instance_template.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the instance template \f5my\-template\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates set\-iam\-policy \e
    my\-template policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-templates set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-templates set\-iam\-policy
.RE

