
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_SUGGEST\-CROP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision suggest\-crop \- suggest a bounding box in an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision suggest\-crop\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-aspect\-ratios\fR=[\fIASPECT_RATIOS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR;\ default="builtin/stable"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns the coordinates of a bounding box that surrounds the
dominant object or face in an image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
Path to the image to be analyzed. This can be either a local path or a URL. If
you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google Cloud
Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-aspect\-ratios\fR=[\fIASPECT_RATIOS\fR,...]
A list of aspect ratio hints for the suggested bounding box. Aspect ratios may
be specified either as a decimal number (ex. 1.333) or as a ratio of width to
height (ex 4:3).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR; default="builtin/stable"
Model version to use for the feature. \fIMODEL_VERSION\fR must be one of:
\fBbuiltin/latest\fR, \fBbuiltin/stable\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the coordinates of a bounding box that surrounds the dominant object or
face in an image \f5gs://my_bucket/input_file\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision suggest\-crop gs://my_bucket/input_file
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml vision suggest\-crop
$ gcloud beta ml vision suggest\-crop
.RE

