
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORK\-ENDPOINT\-GROUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups \- read and manipulate Compute Engine network endpoint groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate network endpoint groups.

For more information about network endpoint groups, see the network endpoint
groups documentation (https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/negs/).

See also: Network endpoint groups API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/networkEndpointGroups).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine network endpoint groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-network\-endpoints\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List network endpoints in a network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine network endpoint group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups
$ gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups
.RE

