
.TH "GCLOUD_APP_DEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud app deploy \- deploy the local code and/or configuration of your app to App Engine



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud app deploy\fR [\fIDEPLOYABLES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-appyaml\fR=\fIAPPYAML\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-ignore\-file\fR=\fIIGNORE_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-url\fR=\fIIMAGE_URL\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-promote\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-stop\-previous\-version\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command is used to deploy both code and configuration to the App Engine
server. As an input it takes one or more \f5\fIDEPLOYABLES\fR\fR that should be
uploaded. A \f5\fIDEPLOYABLE\fR\fR can be a service's .yaml file or a
configuration's .yaml file (for more information about configuration files
specific to your App Engine environment, refer to
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/configuration\-files or
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/python/configuration\-files).
Note, for Java8 Standard apps, you must add the path to the
\f5appengine\-web.xml\fR file inside the WEB\-INF directory. gcloud app deploy
skips files specified in the .gcloudignore file (see \f5gcloud topic
gcloudignore\fR for more information). For Java11 Standard, you can either use
the yaml file, a Maven pom.xml, or a Gradle build.gradle. Alternatively, if the
application is a single self\-contained jar, you can give the path to the jar
and a simple service configuration will be generated. You can deploy Java11
Maven source projects by specifying the location of your project's pom.xml file,
and it will be built and deployed using App Engine Buildpacks.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIDEPLOYABLES\fR ...]
The yaml files for the services or configurations you want to deploy. If not
given, defaults to \f5app.yaml\fR in the current directory. If that is not
found, attempts to automatically generate necessary configuration files (such as
app.yaml) in the current directory.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-appyaml\fR=\fIAPPYAML\fR
Deploy with a specific app.yaml that will replace the one defined in the
DEPLOYABLE.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Google Cloud Storage bucket used to stage files associated with the
deployment. If this argument is not specified, the application's default code
bucket is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ignore\-file\fR=\fIIGNORE_FILE\fR
Override the .gcloudignore file and use the specified file instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-url\fR=\fIIMAGE_URL\fR
Deploy with a specific Docker image. Docker url must be from one of the valid
gcr hostnames.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-promote\fR
Promote the deployed version to receive all traffic. Overrides the default
\fBapp/promote_by_default\fR property value for this command invocation. Use
\fB\-\-no\-promote\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stop\-previous\-version\fR
Stop the previously running version when deploying a new version that receives
all traffic.

Note that if the version is running on an instance of an auto\-scaled service in
the App Engine Standard environment, using \f5\-\-stop\-previous\-version\fR
will not work and the previous version will continue to run because auto\-scaled
service instances are always running.

Overrides the default \fBapp/stop_previous_version\fR property value for this
command invocation. Use \fB\-\-no\-stop\-previous\-version\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
The version of the app that will be created or replaced by this deployment. If
you do not specify a version, one will be generated for you.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deploy a single service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy ~/my_app/app.yaml
.RE

To deploy an App Engine Standard Java8 service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy ~/my_app/WEB\-INF/appengine\-web.xml
.RE

To deploy an App Engine Standard Java11 single jar, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy ~/my_app/my_jar.jar
.RE

To deploy an App Engine Standard Java11 Maven source project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy ~/my_app/pom.xml
.RE

To deploy an App Engine Standard Java11 Gradle source project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy ~/my_app/build.gradle
.RE

By default, the service is deployed the current project configured via:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set core/project PROJECT
.RE

To override this value for a single deployment, use the \f5\fI\-\-project\fR\fR
flag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy ~/my_app/app.yaml \-\-project=PROJECT
.RE

To deploy multiple services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app deploy ~/my_app/app.yaml ~/my_app/another_service.yaml
.RE

To change the default \-\-promote behavior for your current environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set app/promote_by_default false
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app deploy
.RE

