
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_HUB_MEMBERSHIPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container hub memberships update \- update a membership



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container hub memberships update\fR (\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing membership in Hub.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Membership resource \- membership resource representing a cluster in Hub. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [membership] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR
ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the membership. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub memberships update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub memberships update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgkehub/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster\-management/connect/registering\-a\-cluster



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update a membership for a cluster:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub memberships update a\-membership
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub memberships update
$ gcloud beta container hub memberships update
.RE

