
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS_CREATE_CLOUD\-SOURCE\-REPOSITORIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta builds triggers create cloud\-source\-repositories \- create a build trigger from a Cloud Source Repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta builds triggers create cloud\-source\-repositories\fR (\fB\-\-trigger\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-repo\fR=\fIREPO\fR\ (\fB\-\-branch\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tag\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR)\ (\fB\-\-build\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR\ \fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR\ \fB\-\-dockerfile\-dir\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_DIR\fR;\ default="/"\ \fB\-\-dockerfile\-image\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_IMAGE\fR)\ :\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-ignored\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-included\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR]) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a build trigger from a Cloud Source Repository.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to Build Trigger config file (JSON or YAML format). For more details, see
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/projects.triggers#BuildTrigger

.TP 2m

Flag based trigger configuration

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repo resource \- Cloud Source Repository. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-repo] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repo\fR=\fIREPO\fR
ID of the repo or fully qualified identifier for the repo.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Build trigger description.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ignored\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]
Glob filter. Changes only affecting ignored files won't trigger builds.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-included\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]
Glob filter. Changes affecting at least one included file will trigger builds.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Build trigger name.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-branch\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR
A regular expression specifying which git branches to match.

This pattern is used as a regex search for any incoming pushes. For example,
\-\-branch\-pattern=foo will match "foo", "foobar", and "barfoo". Events on a
branch that does not match will be ignored.

The syntax of the regular expressions accepted is the syntax accepted by RE2 and
described at https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR
A regular expression specifying which git tags to match.

This pattern is used as a regex search for any incoming pushes. For example,
\-\-tag\-pattern=foo will match "foo", "foobar", and "barfoo". Events on a tag
that does not match will be ignored.

The syntax of the regular expressions accepted is the syntax accepted by RE2 and
described at https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Build file configuration flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-build\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to a YAML or JSON file containing the build configuration in the
repository.

For more details, see: https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/build\-config

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Parameters to be substituted in the build specification.

For example (using some nonsensical substitution keys; all keys must begin with
an underscore):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud builds triggers create ... \-\-config config.yaml
    \-\-substitutions _FAVORITE_COLOR=blue,_NUM_CANDIES=10
.RE

This will result in a build where every occurrence of \f5${_FAVORITE_COLOR}\fR
in certain fields is replaced by "blue", and similarly for \f5${_NUM_CANDIES}\fR
and "10".

Only the following built\-in variables can be specified with the
\f5\-\-substitutions\fR flag: REPO_NAME, BRANCH_NAME, TAG_NAME, REVISION_ID,
COMMIT_SHA, SHORT_SHA.

For more details, see:
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/api/build\-requests#substitutions

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Dockerfile build configuration flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR
Path of Dockerfile to use for builds in the repository.

If specified, a build config will be generated to run docker build using the
specified file.

The filename is relative to the Dockerfile directory.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\-dir\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_DIR\fR; default="/"
Location of the directory containing the Dockerfile in the repository.

The directory will also be used as the Docker build context.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\-image\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_IMAGE\fR
Docker image name to build.

If not specified, gcr.io/PROJECT/github.com/REPO_OWNER/REPO_NAME:$COMMIT_SHA
will be used.

Use a build configuration (cloudbuild.yaml) file for building multiple images in
a single trigger.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a push trigger for all branches:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds triggers create cloud\-source\-repositories \e
    \-\-name="my\-trigger" \-\-repo="my\-repo" \-\-branch\-pattern=".*" \e
    \-\-build\-config="cloudbuild.yaml"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers create cloud\-source\-repositories
.RE

