
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_RECREATE\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed recreate\-instances \- recreate instances managed by a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed recreate\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed recreate\-instances\fR is used to
recreate one or more instances in a managed instance group. The underlying
virtual machine instances are deleted and recreated based on the latest instance
template configured for the managed instance group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Names of instances to recreate.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed recreate\-instances
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed recreate\-instances
.RE

