
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments delete \- deletes one or more Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments delete\fR (\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR\ [\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR\ ...]\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Environments cannot be deleted unless they are in one of the
RUNNING or ERROR states. If run asynchronously with \f5\-\-async\fR, exits after
printing one or more operation names that can be used to poll the status of the
deletion(s) via:

.RS 2m
gcloud composer operations describe
.RE

If any of the environments are already in the process of being deleted, the
original deletion operations are waited on (default) or printed
(\f5\-\-async\fR).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environments to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR [\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR ...]
The ID of the environment or a fully qualified identifier for the environment.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine zone in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

