
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_HTTP\-HEALTH\-CHECKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute http\-health\-checks \- read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute http\-health\-checks\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate legacy health checks that use the HTTP
protocol.

For more information about legacy health checks, see the HTTP health checks
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/health\-checks#legacy\-health\-checks).

See also: HTTP health checks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/httpHealthChecks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create an HTTP legacy health check to monitor load balanced
instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete HTTP health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display detailed information about an HTTP health check.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an HTTP health check.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute http\-health\-checks
$ gcloud alpha compute http\-health\-checks
.RE

