
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_KMS_KEYS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a kms key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIKEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Removes a policy binding from the IAM policy of a kms key. A
binding consists of at least one member, a role, and an optional condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Key resource \- The key to remove the IAM policy binding. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [key] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all bindings with this role and member, irrespective of any conditions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

The condition of the binding to be removed. When the condition is explicitly
specified as \f5None\fR (\f5\-\-condition=None\fR), it matches a binding without
a condition. Otherwise, only the binding with a condition which exactly matches
the specified condition (including the optional description) will be removed.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) A short string describing the purpose of the expression.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Additional description for the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudkms/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/kms/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the key frodo with the keyring fellowship and
location global, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding frodo \e
    \-\-keyring='fellowship' \-\-location='global' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding with a condition of expression='request.time <
timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z")', title='expires_end_of_2018', and
description='Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31' for the role of
\'roles/cloudkms.signer' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a the key frodo
with the keyring fellowship and location global, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding frodo \e
    \-\-keyring='fellowship' \-\-location='global' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/cloudkms.signer' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

To remove all IAM policy bindings regardless of the condition for the role of
\'roles/cloudkms.signer' and for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a the key
frodo with the keyring fellowship and location global, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding frodo \e
    \-\-keyring='fellowship' \-\-location='global' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/cloudkms.signer' \-\-all
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha kms keys remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

