
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HTTP\-HEALTH\-CHECKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute http\-health\-checks \- read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute http\-health\-checks\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Read and manipulate legacy health checks that use the HTTP protocol.

For more information about legacy health checks, see the HTTP health checks
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/health\-checks#legacy\-health\-checks).

See also: HTTP health checks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/httpHealthChecks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a legacy HTTP health check.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete HTTP health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Display detailed information about an HTTP health check.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update a legacy HTTP health check.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute http\-health\-checks
$ gcloud beta compute http\-health\-checks
.RE

