
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps \- list, create, and delete URL maps



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete URL maps.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-host\-rule\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a rule to a URL map to map hosts to a path matcher.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-path\-matcher\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a path matcher to a URL map.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a URL map.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete URL maps.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a URL map.

.TP 2m
\fBedit\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Modify URL maps.

.TP 2m
\fBinvalidate\-cdn\-cache\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Invalidate specified objects for a URL map in Cloud CDN caches.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine URL maps.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud CDN cache invalidations for a URL map.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-host\-rule\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a host rule from a URL map.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-path\-matcher\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a path matcher from a URL map.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-default\-service\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Change the default service or default bucket of a URL map.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps
.RE

