
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances export \- exports data from a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances export\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...],\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...],\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance.

This command is deprecated and will be removed in version 205.0.0. Use \f5gcloud
sql export sql\fR instead.

Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Google Cloud Storage bucket as a
MySQL dump file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
The path to the file in Google Cloud Storage where the export will be stored.
The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/fileName. If the file already exists, the
operation fails. If the filename ends with .gz, the contents are compressed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...], \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...]
Database (for example, guestbook) from which the export is made. If unspecified,
all databases are exported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...], \fB\-t\fR \fITABLE\fR,[\fITABLE\fR,...]
Tables to export from the specified database. If you specify tables, specify one
and only one database. For Postgres instances, only one table can be exported at
a time.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql instances export
$ gcloud beta sql instances export
.RE

