
.TH "GCLOUD_SCC_SOURCES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud scc sources describe \- describe a source given its display name or source id



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud scc sources describe\fR [\fIORGANIZATION\fR] (\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-display\-name\fR=\fISOURCE_DISPLAY_NAME\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Describe a source given its display name or source id.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The organization to be used for the SCC (Security
Command Center) command. This represents a Cloud resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIORGANIZATION\fR]
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Cloud SCC specific source. It's derived from the the source's relative resource
name. See:
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#relative_resource_name. For
Example: For the given source name: "organizations/123/sources/456", 456
represents source id.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-display\-name\fR=\fISOURCE_DISPLAY_NAME\fR
Source's display name must be unique amongst its siblings, for example, two
sources with the same parent can't share the same display name. Display name
must start and end with a letter or digit, may contain letters, digits, spaces,
hyphens, and underscores, and can be no longer than 32 characters. This is
captured by the regular expression: [\ep{L}\ep{N}]({\ep{L}\ep{N}\fI\-
]{0,30}[\ep{L}\ep{N}])?. For example: 'Cloud Security Scanner' is the source
display name.


\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Describe source with display name 'Security Scanner':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc sources describe 123456 \e
    \-\-source\-display\-name "Security Scanner"
.RE

Describe source with source id '5678':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc sources describe 123456 \-\-source 5678
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc sources describe
$ gcloud beta scc sources describe
.RE

