
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_VALIDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps validate \- validates URL map configs from your project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps validate\fR \fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR [\fB\-\-file_format\fR=\fIFILE_FORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Runs static validation for the UrlMap. In particular, the tests of
the provided UrlMap will be run. Calling this method does NOT create the UrlMap.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to the file that contains the URL map config for validation. The file must
not contain any output\-only fields. A schema describing the export/import
format can be found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/alpha/UrlMap.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file_format\fR=\fIFILE_FORMAT\fR
The format of the file containing the URL map config. Currently supports yaml
which is also the default. FILE_FORMAT must be: yaml.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to validate.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

A URL map can be validated by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps validate \-\-source=<path\-to\-file>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

