
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_POLICIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns policies update \- update an existing Cloud DNS policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns policies update\fR \fIPOLICY\fR [\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORKS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update an existing Cloud DNS policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The policy to update.. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [policy] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY\fR
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]
List of alternative name servers to forward to. Must be a comma separated list
of IPv4 addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR
Specifies whether to allow networks bound to this policy to receive DNS queries
sent by VMs or applications over VPN connections. Defaults to False.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
Specifies whether to enable query logging. Defaults to False.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORKS\fR,...]
The comma separated list of network names to associate with the policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To change the description of a policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns policies update mypolicy \-\-description="Hello, world!"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns policies update
$ gcloud beta dns policies update
.RE

