
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_AUTOSCALING\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc autoscaling policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc autoscaling policies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an autoscaling policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an autoscaling policy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Export an autoscaling policy.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for an autoscaling policy.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Import an autoscaling policy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List autoscaling policies.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for an autoscaling policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all autoscaling policies, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies list
.RE

To view the details of an autoscaling policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies describe my_policy
.RE

To view just the non\-output only fields of an autoscaling policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies export my_policy \e
    \-\-destination policy\-file.yaml
.RE

To create or update an autoscaling policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies import my_policy \e
    \-\-source policy\-file.yaml
.RE

To delete an autoscaling policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies delete my_policy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc autoscaling\-policies
$ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies
.RE

