
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SCHEDULER_JOBS_RESUME" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta scheduler jobs resume \- resume execution of a paused job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta scheduler jobs resume\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Resume execution of a paused job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The job to resume. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location] attribute: provide
the argument [job] on the command line with a fully specified name; as the
location of the current project's App Engine App. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudscheduler/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command resumes execution of a paused job:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scheduler jobs resume my\-job
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scheduler jobs resume
$ gcloud alpha scheduler jobs resume
.RE

