
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FUNCTIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta functions \- manage Google Cloud Functions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta functions\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Google Cloud Functions.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBevent\-types\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List types of events that can be a trigger for a Google Cloud
Function.

.TP 2m
\fBlogs\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display log entries produced by Google Cloud Functions.

.TP 2m
\fBregions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List regions available to Google Cloud Functions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding for a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBcall\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Trigger execution of a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create or update a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display details of a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Cloud Functions.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Removes an IAM policy binding from a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Sets IAM policy for a Google Cloud Function.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud functions
$ gcloud alpha functions
.RE

