
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_MACHINE\-IMAGES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute machine\-images import \- create a Compute Engine machine image from virtual appliance in OVA/OVF format



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute machine\-images import\fR \fIIMAGE\fR \fB\-\-source\-uri\fR=\fISOURCE_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-guest\-environment\fR] [\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="2h"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute machine\-images import\fR creates Compute
Engine machine image from virtual appliance in OVA/OVF format.

Importing OVF involves:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Unpacking OVF package (if in OVA format) to Cloud Storage.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Import disks from OVF to Google Compute Engine.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Translate the boot disk to make it bootable in Google Compute Engine.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Create a machine image using OVF metadata and imported disks.
.RE
.sp

Virtual instances, images, machine images, and disks in Compute engine and files
stored on Cloud Storage incur charges. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/importing\-virtual\-disks#resource_cleanup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE\fR
Name of the machineImage to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-uri\fR=\fISOURCE_URI\fR
Cloud Storage path to one of: OVF descriptor OVA file Directory with OVF package


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR
If provided, allows the VMs created from the imported machine image to send and
receive packets with non\-matching destination or source IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Specifies a text description of the machine image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-guest\-environment\fR
The guest environment will be installed on the machine image. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-guest\-environment\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR
Create an application\-consistent machine image by informing the OS to prepare
for the snapshot process. Currently only supported on Windows instances using
the Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
Specifies the machine type used for the instances. To get a list of available
machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. If unspecified, the
default type is n1\-standard\-1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Specifies the network for the VMs that are created from the imported machine
image. If \f5\-\-subnet\fR is also specified, then the subnet must be a
subnetwork of network specified by \f5\-\-network\fR. If neither is specified,
the \f5default\fR network is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR
Specifies the network tier that will be used to configure the machine image.
\f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR must be one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The
default value is \f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR
Specifies the OS of the machine image being imported. \fIOS\fR must be one of:
\fBcentos\-6\fR, \fBcentos\-7\fR, \fBcentos\-8\fR, \fBdebian\-8\fR,
\fBdebian\-9\fR, \fBopensuse\-15\fR, \fBrhel\-6\fR, \fBrhel\-6\-byol\fR,
\fBrhel\-7\fR, \fBrhel\-7\-byol\fR, \fBrhel\-8\fR, \fBrhel\-8\-byol\fR,
\fBsles\-12\-byol\fR, \fBsles\-15\-byol\fR, \fBubuntu\-1404\fR,
\fBubuntu\-1604\fR, \fBubuntu\-1804\fR, \fBwindows\-10\-x64\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-10\-x86\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-2008r2\fR,
\fBwindows\-2008r2\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-2012\fR, \fBwindows\-2012\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-2012r2\fR, \fBwindows\-2012r2\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-2016\fR,
\fBwindows\-2016\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-2019\fR, \fBwindows\-2019\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-7\-x64\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-7\-x86\-byol\fR,
\fBwindows\-8\-x64\-byol\fR, \fBwindows\-8\-x86\-byol\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR
The VMs created from the imported machine image are restarted if they are
terminated by Compute Engine. This does not affect terminations performed by the
user. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud Storage location, either regional or multi\-regional, where machine
image's content is to be stored. If absent, a nearby regional or multi\-regional
location is chosen automatically.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Specifies the subnet for the VMs created from the imported machine image. If
\f5\-\-network\fR is also specified, the subnet must be a subnetwork of the
network specified by \f5\-\-network\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the VMs created from the imported machine
image. These tags allow network firewall rules and routes to be applied to
specified VMs. See \fBgcloud compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more
details.

To read more about configuring network tags, read this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/add\-remove\-network\-tags

To list VMs with their respective status and tags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table(name,status,tags.list())'
.RE

To list VMs tagged with a specific tag, \f5tag1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags:tag1'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="2h"
Maximum time an import can last before it fails as "TIMEOUT". For example,
specifying \f52h\fR fails the process after 2 hours. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information about duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the machine image to import. The zone in which to perform the import of
the machine image. If not specified and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property
isn't set, you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Custom machine type extensions.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the custom machine
type. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the custom machine
type. A size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MB or 9GB) \- if no units are
specified, GB is assumed. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR
Use the extended custom machine type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-vm\-type\fR=\fICUSTOM_VM_TYPE\fR
Specifies VM type. n1 \- VMs with CPU platforms Skylake and older, n2 \- VMs
with CPU platform Cascade Lake. n2 offers flexible sizing from 2 to 80 vCPUs,
and 1 to 640GBs of memory. It also features a number of performance enhancements
including exposing a more accurate NUMA topology to the guest OS. The default is
\f5n1\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import an OVF package from Cloud Storage into a machine image named
\f5my\-machine\-image\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute machine\-images import my\-machine\-image \e
    \-\-source\-uri=gs://my\-bucket/my\-dir
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute machine\-images import
.RE

