
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SHARED\-VPC" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute shared\-vpc \- configure shared VPC



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute shared\-vpc\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure shared VPC.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBassociated\-projects\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure associated projects for cross\-project networking (XPN).

.TP 2m
\fBorganizations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure organizations for cross\-project networking (XPN).


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disable the given project as a shared VPC host.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable the given project as a shared VPC host.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-host\-project\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the shared VPC host project that the given project is
associated with.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-associated\-resources\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the resources associated with the given shared VPC host
project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute shared\-vpc
$ gcloud beta compute shared\-vpc
.RE

