
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable instances \- manage Cloud Bigtable instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable instances\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Bigtable instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtables\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Query Cloud Bigtable tables.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing Bigtable instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Modify an existing Bigtable instance.

.TP 2m
\fBupgrade\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Upgrade an existing instance's type from development to
production.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances
$ gcloud beta bigtable instances
.RE

