
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute operations list \- list Compute Engine operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute operations list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-global\fR] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute operations list\fR displays all Compute
Engine operations in a project.

By default, all global, regional, and zonal operations are listed. The results
can be narrowed by providing combinations of the \-\-zones, \-\-regions, and
\-\-global flags.

Note: \fBgcloud alpha compute operations list\fR displays operations fewer than
14 days old, up to a maximum of 5000.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of
resources.

Argument \f5NAME\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name=( 'NAME' ... )"\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, all global resources are shown.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
(DEPRECATED) Regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names
that do not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

Flag \f5\-\-regexp\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name~'REGEXP'"\fR
instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
If arguments are provided, only resources from the given regions are shown. If
no arguments are provided all regional operations are shown.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]
If arguments are provided, only resources from the given zones are shown. If no
arguments are provided all zonal operations are shown.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all operations in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list
.RE

To list the URIs of all operations in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all operations in zones us\-central1\-b and europe\-west1\-d, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list \e
   \-\-zones=us\-central1\-b,europe\-west1\-d
.RE

To list all global operations in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list \-\-global
.RE

To list all regional operations in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list \-\-regions=""
.RE

To list all operations with names prefixed with \f5operation\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list \-\-filter="name:operation"
.RE

To list all operations in the us\-central1 and europe\-west1 regions and all
operations in the us\-central1\-a zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list \-\-zones=us\-central1\-a \e
   \-\-regions=us\-central1,europe\-west1
.RE

To list all operations with a specified target, filter on the targetLink field
(run \f5gcloud alpha compute operations list \-\-format=json\fR to see a full,
well\-structured list of available fields). Additionally, use \f5scope()\fR
which extracts the last part of the URL to get the required target information,
and run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute operations list \e
   \-\-filter="targetLink.scope():default\-12345abc"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute operations list
$ gcloud beta compute operations list
.RE

