
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create \- creates a domain mapping



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\fB\-\-certificate\-id\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-certificate\-management\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a domain mapping.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
A valid domain which may begin with a wildcard, such as: \f5example.com\fR or
\f5\fB.example.com\fR


\fR
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-id\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_ID\fR
A certificate id to use for this domain. May not be used on a domain mapping
with automatically managed certificates. Use the \f5gcloud app ssl\-certificates
list\fR to see available certificates for this app.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-management\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR
Type of certificate management. 'automatic' will provision an SSL certificate
automatically while 'manual' requires the user to provide a certificate id to
provision. \fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR must be one of: \fBautomatic\fR,
\fBmanual\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new App Engine domain mapping with an automatically managed
certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create 'example.com'
.RE

Note: managed certificates do not support wildcard domain mappings.

To create a domain with a manual certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create '*.example.com'           \e
          \-\-certificate\-management=manual \-\-certificate\-id=1234
.RE

To create a domain with no associated certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create '*.example.com'           \e
          \-\-certificate\-management=manual
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings create
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create
.RE

