
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_PIPELINES_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics pipelines run \- defines and runs a pipeline



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics pipelines run\fR [\fB\-\-command\-line\fR=\fICOMMAND_LINE\fR] [\fB\-\-cpus\fR=\fICPUS\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-docker\-image\fR=\fIDOCKER_IMAGE\fR;\ default="google/cloud\-sdk:alpine"] [\fB\-\-inputs\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-inputs\-from\-file\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIFILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-logging\fR=\fILOGGING\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-outputs\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-preemptible\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-pipeline\-file\fR=\fIPIPELINE_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-service\-account\-email\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-service\-account\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A pipeline is a transformation of a set of inputs to a set of
outputs. Supports docker\-based commands.



.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-command\-line\fR=\fICOMMAND_LINE\fR
v2alpha1 only. Command line to run with /bin/sh in the specified docker image.
Cannot be used with \-\-pipeline\-file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpus\fR=\fICPUS\fR
The minimum number of CPUs to run the pipeline. Overrides any value specified in
the pipeline\-file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR
The disk size(s) in GB, specified as a comma\-separated list of pairs of disk
name and size. For example: \-\-disk\-size "name:size,name2:size2". Overrides
any values specified in the pipeline\-file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-docker\-image\fR=\fIDOCKER_IMAGE\fR; default="google/cloud\-sdk:alpine"
v2alpha1 only. A docker image to run. Requires \-\-command\-line to be specified
and cannot be used with \-\-pipeline\-file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-inputs\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Map of input PipelineParameter names to values. Used to pass literal parameters
to the pipeline, and to specify input files in Google Cloud Storage that will
have a localCopy made. Specified as a comma\-separated list: \-\-inputs
file=gs://my\-bucket/in.txt,name=hello

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-inputs\-from\-file\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIFILE\fR,...]
Map of input PipelineParameter names to values. Used to pass literal parameters
to the pipeline where values come from local files; this can be used to send
large pipeline input parameters, such as code, data, or configuration values.
Specified as a comma\-separated list: \-\-inputs\-from\-file
script=myshellscript.sh,pyfile=mypython.py

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-logging\fR=\fILOGGING\fR
The location in Google Cloud Storage to which the pipeline logs will be copied.
Can be specified as a fully qualified directory path, in which case logs will be
output with a unique identifier as the filename in that directory, or as a fully
specified path, which must end in \f5.log\fR, in which case that path will be
used. Stdout and stderr logs from the run are also generated and output as
\f5\-stdout.log\fR and \f5\-stderr.log\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR
The number of GB of RAM needed to run the pipeline. Overrides any value
specified in the pipeline\-file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-outputs\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Map of output PipelineParameter names to values. Used to specify output files in
Google Cloud Storage that will be made from a localCopy. Specified as a
comma\-separated list: \-\-outputs
ref=gs://my\-bucket/foo,ref2=gs://my\-bucket/bar

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\fR
Whether to use a preemptible VM for this pipeline. The "resource" section of the
pipeline\-file must also set preemptible to "true" for this flag to take effect.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pipeline\-file\fR=\fIPIPELINE_FILE\fR
A YAML or JSON file containing a v2alpha1 or v1alpha2 Pipeline object. See
https://cloud.google.com/genomics/reference/rest/v2alpha1/pipelines#Pipeline

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
v2alpha1 only. List of Compute Engine regions the pipeline can run in.

If no regions are specified with the regions flag, then regions in the pipeline
definition file will be used.

If no regions are specified in the pipeline definition, then the default region
in your local client configuration is used.

At least one region or region must be specified.

For more information on default regions, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/gcloud\-compute/#set_default_zone_and_region_in_your_local_client

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\-email\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR; default="default"
The service account used to run the pipeline. If unspecified, defaults to the
Compute Engine service account for your project.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
List of additional scopes to be made available for this service account. The
following scopes are always requested for v1alpha2 requests:

.RS 2m
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/genomics
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
.RE

.RS 2m
For v2alpha1 requests, only the following scopes are always
requested:
.RE

.RS 2m
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/genomics
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]
List of Compute Engine zones the pipeline can run in.

If no zones are specified with the zones flag, then zones in the pipeline
definition file will be used.

If no zones are specified in the pipeline definition, then the default zone in
your local client configuration is used.

If you have no default zone, then v1alpha2 pipelines may run in any zone. For
v2alpha1 pipelines at least one zone or region must be specified.

For more information on default zones, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/gcloud\-compute/#set_default_zone_and_region_in_your_local_client


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

