
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute backend\-services \- list, create, and delete backend services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute backend\-services\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List, create, and delete backend services.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-backend\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add a backend to a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add Cloud CDN Signed URL key to a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Cloud CDN Signed URL key from a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display detailed information about a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBedit\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Modify backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-health\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get backend health statuses from a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-backend\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove a backend from a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a backend service.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-backend\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing backend in a backend service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-services
.RE

