
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instance groups. To
accommodate the differences between managed and unmanaged instances, some
commands (such as \f5delete\fR) are in the managed or unmanaged subgroups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBunmanaged\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display detailed information about an instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List instances present in the instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups
.RE

