
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_PATCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute interconnects patch \- patch a Google Compute Engine interconnect



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute interconnects patch\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute interconnects patch\fR is used to patch
interconnects. An interconnect represents a single specific connection between
Google and the customer



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the interconnect to patch.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect. When this is enabled, the
interconnect is operational and will carry traffic across any functioning linked
interconnect attachments. Use \-\-no\-admin\-enabled to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR
Email address to contact the customer NOC for operations and maintenance
notifications regarding this interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR
Target number of physical links in the link bundle.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects patch \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects patch \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects patch
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects patch
.RE

