
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed update \- update a Compute Engine managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-stateful\-disks\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,[\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR]] [\fB\-\-target\-distribution\-shape\fR=\fISHAPE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-autohealing\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR\ \fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine managed instance group.

\fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed update\fR allows you to specify
or modify the stateful policy and autohealing policy for an existing managed
instance group.

A stateful policy defines which resources should be preserved across the group.
When instances in the group are recreated, stateful resources are preserved.
This command allows you to update stateful resources, specifically to add or
remove stateful disks.

When updating the autohealing policy, you can specify the health check, initial
delay, or both. If either field is unspecified, its value won't be modified. If
\f5\-\-health\-check\fR is specified, the health check monitors the health of
your application. Whenever the health check signal for an instance becomes
\f5UNHEALTHY\fR, the autohealer recreates the instance.

If no health check exists, instance autohealing is triggered only by instance
status: if an instance is not \f5RUNNING\fR, the group recreates it.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Specifies the type of the instance redistribution policy. An instance
redistribution type lets you enable or disable automatic instance redistribution
across zones to meet the target distribution. The target distribution is a state
of a regional managed instance group where all instances are spread out evenly
across all target zones.

An instance redistribution type can be specified only for a non\-autoscaled
regional managed instance group. By default it is set to PROACTIVE.

The following types are available:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
NONE \- The managed instance group does not redistribute instances across zones.

.IP "\(em" 2m
PROACTIVE \- The managed instance group proactively redistributes instances to
meet its target distribution.

.RE
.RE
.sp
\fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBNONE\fR, \fBPROACTIVE\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-stateful\-disks\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,[\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,...]
Stop considering the disks stateful by the instance group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR]
Disks considered stateful by the instance group. Managed instance groups
preserve and reattach stateful disks on VM autohealing, update, and recreate
events.

Use this argument multiple times to update more disks.

If a stateful disk with the given device name already exists in the current
instance config, its properties will be replaced by the newly provided ones.
Otherwise, a new stateful disk definition will be added to the instance config.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
(Requied) Device name of the disk to mark stateful.

.TP 2m
\fBauto\-delete\fR
(Optional) Specifies the auto deletion policy of the stateful disk. Supported
values are \f5\fInever\fR\fR (never delete this disk) and
\f5\fIon\-permanent\-instance\-deletion\fR\fR (delete the stateful disk when the
given instance is permanently deleted from the instance group; for example when
the group is resized down). If omitted, \f5\fInever\fR\fR is used as the
default.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-distribution\-shape\fR=\fISHAPE\fR
Specifies how a regional managed instance group distributes its instances across
zones within the region.

The following target shape are available:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5\fIEVEN\fR\fR ‒ The group schedules VM instance creation and deletion in a
way that maintains an even number of managed instances across the selected
zones. Recommended for highly available serving workloads.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5\fIBALANCED\fR\fR ‒ The group prioritizes acquisition of resources \-
scheduling VMs in zones where resources are available \- while distributing VMs
as evenly as possible across selected zones to minimize the impact of
zone\-level failure. Recommended for highly available serving or batch workloads
that do not require autoscaling.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5\fIANY\fR\fR ‒ The group picks zones for creating VM instances to fulfill the
requested number of VMs within present capacity constraints. Recommended for
batch workloads that do not require high availability.

.RE
.RE
.sp
\fISHAPE\fR must be one of: \fBEVEN\fR, \fBANY\fR, \fBBALANCED\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-autohealing\fR
Clears all autohealing policy fields for the managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR
Specifies the length of time during which the instance is known to be
initializing and should not be autohealed even if unhealthy. This value cannot
be greater than 1 hour. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
Name of the health check to operate on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTP health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTPS health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpsHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to update. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to update. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed update
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed update
.RE

