
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_ANNOTATION\-STORES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare annotation\-stores update \- update a Cloud Healthcare API annotation store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare annotation\-stores update\fR (\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API annotation store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

AnnotationStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API annotation store to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[annotation_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR
ID of the annotationStore or fully qualified identifier for the annotationStore.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the annotation store 'test\-annotation\-store', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare annotation\-stores update \e
    test\-annotation\-store \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores update
.RE

