
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_LANGUAGE_ANALYZE\-ENTITIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml language analyze\-entities \- use Google Cloud Natural Language API to identify entities in text



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml language analyze\-entities\fR (\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR;\ default="plain\-text"] [\fB\-\-encoding\-type\fR=\fIENCODING_TYPE\fR;\ default="utf8"] [\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Entity Analysis inspects the given text for common names or known
entities (proper nouns such as public figures, landmarks, etc.), and returns
information about those entities.

Currently English, Spanish, Japanese, Chinese (Simplified and Traditional),
French, German, Italian, Korean, and Portuguese are supported.




.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR
Specify input text on the command line. Useful for experiments, or for extremely
short text.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR
Specify a local file or Google Cloud Storage (format \f5gs://bucket/object\fR)
file path containing the text to be analyzed. More useful for longer text or
data output from another system.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR; default="plain\-text"
Specify the format of the input text. \fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBhtml\fR, \fBplain\-text\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-encoding\-type\fR=\fIENCODING_TYPE\fR; default="utf8"
The encoding type used by the API to calculate offsets. If set to \f5none\fR,
encoding\-dependent offsets will be set at \-1. This is an optional flag only
used for the entity mentions in results, and does not affect how the input is
read or analyzed. \fIENCODING_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBnone\fR, \fButf16\fR,
\fButf32\fR, \fButf8\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR
Specify the language of the input text. If omitted, the server will attempt to
auto\-detect. Both ISO (such as \f5en\fR or \f5es\fR) and BCP\-47 (such as
\f5en\-US\fR or \f5ja\-JP\fR) language codes are accepted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBlanguage/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/natural\-language/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml language analyze\-entities
$ gcloud beta ml language analyze\-entities
.RE

