
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_ROLLING\-ACTION_START\-UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action start\-update \- updates instances in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action start\-update\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...] [\fB\-\-canary\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,\fItarget\-size\fR=\fIFIXED_OR_PERCENT\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...]] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR;\ default="proactive"] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action
start\-update\fR updates instances in a managed instance group, according to the
given versions and the given update policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...]
Original instance template resource to be used. Each version has the following
format: template=TEMPLATE,[name=NAME]


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-canary\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,\fItarget\-size\fR=\fIFIXED_OR_PERCENT\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...]
New instance template resource to be used. Each version has the following
format: template=TEMPLATE,target\-size=FIXED_OR_PERCENT,[name=NAME]

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR; default="proactive"
Desired update type. \fITYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBopportunistic\fR
Do not proactively replace instances. Create new instances and delete old on
resizes of the group.
.TP 2m
\fBproactive\fR
Replace instances proactively.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
If set, accepts any original or new version configurations without validation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR
Maximum additional number of instances that can be created during the update
process. This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the
managed instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR
Maximum number of instances that can be unavailable during the update process.
This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the managed
instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR
Minimum time for which a newly created instance should be ready to be considered
available. For example \f510s\fR for 10 seconds. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action \e
    start\-update
.RE

