
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_PREDICT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine predict \- run AI Platform online prediction



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine predict\fR \fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR (\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-json\-request\fR=\fIJSON_REQUEST\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-signature\-name\fR=\fISIGNATURE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \f5gcloud beta ml\-engine predict\fR sends a prediction request to
AI Platform for the given instances. This command will read up to 100 instances,
though the service itself will accept instances up to the payload limit size
(currently, 1.5MB). If you are predicting on more instances, you should use
batch prediction via

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine jobs submit prediction.
.RE



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in JSON
format; newline delimited.

An example of the JSON instances file:

.RS 2m
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 3}
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 2}
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-request\fR=\fIJSON_REQUEST\fR
Path to a local file containing the body of JSON request.

An example of a JSON request:

.RS 2m
{
  "instances": [
    {"x": [1, 2], "y": [3, 4]},
    {"x": [\-1, \-2], "y": [\-3, \-4]}
  ]
}
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in UTF\-8
encoded text format; newline delimited.

An example of the text instances file:

.RS 2m
107,4.9,2.5,4.5,1.7
100,5.7,2.8,4.1,1.3
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signature\-name\fR=\fISIGNATURE_NAME\fR
The name of the signature defined in the SavedModel to use for this job.
Defaults to DEFAULT_SERVING_SIGNATURE_DEF_KEY in
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/saved_model/signature_constants,
which is "serving_default". Only applies to TensorFlow models.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Model version to be used.

If unspecified, the default version of the model will be used. To list model
versions run

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine versions list
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine predict
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine predict
.RE

