
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_CHANNELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring channels \- manage Stackdriver Monitoring notification channels



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring channels\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Stackdriver Monitoring notification channels.

More information can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/v3/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new notification channel.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a notification channel.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a notification channel.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List notification channels.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a notification channel.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

