
.TH "GCLOUD_RUN_SERVICES_UPDATE\-TRAFFIC" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud run services update\-traffic \- adjust the traffic assignments for a Cloud Run service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud run services update\-traffic\fR [[\fISERVICE\fR]\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-to\-latest\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-to\-revisions\fR=[\fIREVISION\-NAME\fR=\fIPERCENTAGE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Adjust the traffic assignments for a Cloud Run service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- Service to update the configuration of. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISERVICE\fR]
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run for Anthos: Kubernetes namespace for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Cloud. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR and
\f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Arguments to locate resources, depending on the platform used. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\f5\-\-platform=managed\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-to\-latest\fR
True to assign 100 percent of traffic to the 'latest' revision of this service.
Note that when a new revision is created, it will become the 'latest' and
traffic will be directed to it. Defaults to False. Synonymous with
\'\-\-to\-revisions=LATEST=100'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-to\-revisions\fR=[\fIREVISION\-NAME\fR=\fIPERCENTAGE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of traffic assignments in the form
REVISION\-NAME=PERCENTAGE. REVISION\-NAME must be the name for a revision for
the service as returned by 'gcloud beta run list revisions'. PERCENTAGE must be
an integer percentage between 0 and 100 inclusive. Ex
service\-nw9hs=10,service\-nw9hs=20 Up to 100 percent of traffic may be
assigned. If 100 percent of traffic is assigned, the Service traffic is updated
as specified. If under 100 percent of traffic is assigned, the Service traffic
is updated as specified for revisions with assignments and traffic is scaled up
or down down proportionally as needed for revision that are currently serving
traffic but that do not have new assignments. For example assume revision\-1 is
serving 40 percent of traffic and revision\-2 is serving 60 percent. If
revision\-1 is assigned 45 percent of traffic and no assignment is made for
revision\-2, the service is updated with revsion\-1 assigned 45 percent of
traffic and revision\-2 scaled down to 55 percent. You can use "LATEST" as a
special revision name to always put the given percentage of traffic on the
latest ready revision.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To assign 10% of traffic to revision myservice\-s5sxn and 90% of traffic to
revision myservice\-cp9kw run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run services update\-traffic myservice \e
  \-\-to\-revisions=myservice\-s5sxn=10,myservice\-cp9kw=90
.RE

To increase the traffic to revision myservice\-s5sxn to 20% and by reducing the
traffic to revision myservice\-cp9kw to 80% run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run services update\-traffic myservice \e
  \-\-to\-revisions=myservice\-s5sxn=20
.RE

To rollback to revision myservice\-cp9kw run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run services update\-traffic myservice \e
  \-\-to\-revisions=myservice\-cp9kw=100
.RE

To assign 100% of traffic to the current or future LATEST revision run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run services update\-traffic myservice \-\-to\-latest
.RE

You can also refer to the current or future LATEST revision in \-\-to\-revisions
by the string "LATEST". For example, to set 10% of traffic to always float to
the latest revision:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run services update\-traffic myservice \e
  \-\-to\-revisions=LATEST=10
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run services update\-traffic
$ gcloud beta run services update\-traffic
.RE

