
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding of a topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fITOPIC\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from the IAM policy of a Cloud
Pub/Sub Topic. One binding consists of a member, a role, and an optional
condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The topic to remove the IAM policy binding from. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [topic] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all bindings with this role and member, irrespective of any conditions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

The condition of the binding to be removed. When the condition is explicitly
specified as \f5None\fR (\f5\-\-condition=None\fR), it matches a binding without
a condition. Otherwise, only the binding with a condition which exactly matches
the specified condition (including the optional description) will be removed.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) A short string describing the purpose of the expression.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Additional description for the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsub/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with topic 'my\-topic', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-topic \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' from all authenticated users on topic 'my\-topic':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-topic \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2018 for
the role of 'roles/pubsub.publisher' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with
topic 'my\-topic', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-topic \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/pubsub.publisher' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

