
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters describe \- show details about a service perimeter



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters describe\fR (\fIPERIMETER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about an service perimeter in a given access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Perimeter resource \- The service perimeter you want to show details about. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPERIMETER\fR
ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

