
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ENDPOINTS_QUOTA_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha endpoints quota update \- update a quota override for a consumer



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha endpoints quota update\fR \fB\-\-consumer\fR=\fICONSUMER\fR \fB\-\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR \fB\-\-override\-id\fR=\fIOVERRIDE_ID\fR \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-unit\fR=\fIUNIT\fR \fB\-\-value\fR=\fIVALUE\fR [\fB\-\-dimensions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command updates a quota override for a consumer. The
supported consumers are projects, folders, and organizations. The override ID
can be found from list command output.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-consumer\fR=\fICONSUMER\fR
The consumer to update override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR
The metric to update a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-override\-id\fR=\fIOVERRIDE_ID\fR
The override ID of the override previous created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The service to update a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unit\fR=\fIUNIT\fR
The unit of a metric to update a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-value\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
The value of the override.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dimensions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The dimensions of the override, e.g. for specific locations.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Force override update even if the change results in a substantial decrease in
available quota.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a quota override for project with project number, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota update \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/12321
  \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
  \-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-override\-id=hello123 \-\-value=360
.RE

To update a quota override for project with project ID, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota update \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/hello
  \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
  \-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-override\-id=hello123 \-\-value=360
.RE

To update a quota override for an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota update \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=organizations/555
  \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
  \-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-override\-id=hello123 \-\-value=360
.RE

To force the update of a quota override, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota update \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/12321
  \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
  \-\-unit=1/min/{project}  \-\-override\-id=hello123
  \-\-dimensions=regions=us\-central1
  \-\-dimensions=zones=us\-central1\-c \-\-value=360 \-\-force
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

