
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES_CONFIGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices configs \- manage configurations for Cloud IoT devices



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices configs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing configurations for Google Cloud IoT devices.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about the latest configuration for a device.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-value\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show the binary data of a device's latest configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List configs for a device.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a specific device configuration.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices configs
$ gcloud beta iot devices configs
.RE

