
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks \- list, create, and delete Compute Engine networks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate VPC networks.

For more information about networks, see the networks documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/vpc).

See also: Networks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/networks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpeerings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, delete, and update VPC Network Peering.

.TP 2m
\fBsubnets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, describe, and delete, and update Compute Engine subnetworks.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine network.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Compute Engine networks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine network.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-effective\-firewalls\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the effective firewalls of a Compute Engine network.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine networks.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-ip\-addresses\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List internal IP addresses in a network.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-ip\-owners\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List IP owners in a network.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks
$ gcloud beta compute networks
.RE

