
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_DEPLOYMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments \- commands for Deployment Manager deployments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to create, update, delete, and examine deployments of
resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\-preview\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a pending or running deployment preview.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide information about a deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List deployments in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Stop a pending or running deployment update or creation.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a deployment based on a provided config file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments create my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config config.yaml
.RE

To update a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml
.RE

To stop a deployment create or update in progress, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments stop my\-deployment
.RE

To cancel a previewed create or update, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments cancel\-preview \e
    my\-deployment
.RE

To delete a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete my\-deployment
.RE

To view the details of a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments describe my\-deployment
.RE

To see the list of all deployments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments
.RE

