
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog tag template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given Cloud Data Catalog tag template
as defined in a JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag template resource \- Tag template to set the IAM policy for. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [tag_template] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the tag template or fully qualified identifier for the tag template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the tag template 'my\-tag\-template' with location
\'my\-location':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates set\-iam\-policy \e
    my\-tag\-template \-\-location=my\-location policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog tag\-templates set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates set\-iam\-policy
.RE

