
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_DATA_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments storage data list \- list the data for a Cloud Composer environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments storage data list\fR (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the data for a Cloud Composer environment.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment for which to list data.. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-environment] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments storage data list
$ gcloud beta composer environments storage data list
.RE

