
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_MONITORING_DASHBOARDS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta monitoring dashboards create \- create a new Stackdriver Monitoring dashboard



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta monitoring dashboards create\fR (\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new Stackdriver Monitoring dashboard. A dashboard can be
specified as a JSON/YAML value passed in as a string through the
\f5\-\-config\fR flag or as a file through the \f5\-\-config\-from\-file\fR
flag.

For information about the format of a dashboard:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rest/v1/projects.dashboards



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Dashboard configuration, in either JSON or YAML format, as a string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the dashboard configuration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a dashboard with a YAML config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards create \-\-config='''
  displayName: New Dashboard
  gridLayout:
    widgets:
    \- text:
        content: Hello World
  '''
.RE

To create a dashboard with a JSON config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards create \-\-config='''
  {
    "displayName": "New Dashboard",
    "gridLayout": {
      "widgets": [
        {
          "text": {
            "content": "Hello World",
          }
        }
      ]
    },
  }
  '''
.RE

To create a dashboard with a specific dashboard ID, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards create \-\-config='''
  name: projects/MY\-PROJECT/dashboards/MY\-DASHBOARD
  displayName: New Dashboard
  gridLayout:
    widgets:
    \- text:
        content: Hello World
  '''
.RE

To create a dashboard within a specific project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards create \-\-project=MY\-PROJECT \e
    \-\-config='''
  displayName: New Dashboard
  gridLayout:
    widgets:
    \- text:
        content: Hello World
  '''
.RE

To create a dashboard with a file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards create \-\-config\-from\-file=MY\-FILE
.RE

Sample contents of MY\-FILE:

.RS 2m
displayName: New Dashboard
gridLayout:
  widgets:
  \- text:
      content: Hello World
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud monitoring dashboards create
$ gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards create
.RE

