
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_POLICIES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns policies describe \- describes a Cloud DNS policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns policies describe\fR \fIPOLICY\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Describes details of a Cloud DNS policy.

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns policies describe mypolicy
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The name of the policy you want to describe. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY\fR
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdns/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://developers.google.com/cloud\-dns



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns policies describe
$ gcloud beta dns policies describe
.RE

