
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_JOB\-TRIGGERS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp job\-triggers delete \- delete a Cloud DLP job trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp job\-triggers delete\fR \fIJOB_TRIGGER\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud DLP job trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job trigger resource \- The Cloud DLP job trigger to delete. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag
[job_trigger] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB_TRIGGER\fR
The ID of the job_trigger or a fully qualified identifier for the job_trigger.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdlp/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

