
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys versions create \- create a new version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys versions create\fR [\fB\-\-external\-key\-uri\fR=\fIEXTERNAL_KEY_URI\fR] [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-primary\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a new version within the given key.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-external\-key\-uri\fR=\fIEXTERNAL_KEY_URI\fR
The URI of the external key for keys with protection level "external".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-primary\fR
If specified, immediately make the new version primary.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a new version within the \f5frodo\fR key,
\f5fellowship\fR keyring, and \f5global\fR location and sets it as the primary
version:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions create \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-key=frodo \-\-primary
.RE

The following command creates a new version within the \f5legolas\fR key,
\f5fellowship\fR keyring, \f5us\-central1\fR location,
\f5https://example.kms/v0/some/key/path\fR as the address for its external key,
and sets it as the key's primary version:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions create \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-key=legolas \e
    \-\-external\-key\-uri=https://example.kms/v0/some/key/path \e
    \-\-primary
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions create
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions create
.RE

