
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-TEMPLATES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates create \- create a Compute Engine node template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates create\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-node\-requirements\fR=[\fIlocalSSD\fR=\fILOCALSSD\fR],[\fImemory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR],[\fIvCPU\fR=\fIVCPU\fR]\ |\ \fB\-\-node\-type\fR=\fINODE_TYPE\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-affinity\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-server\-binding\fR=\fISERVER_BINDING\fR;\ default="restart\-node\-on\-any\-server"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a Compute Engine node template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the node templates to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-requirements\fR=[\fIlocalSSD\fR=\fILOCALSSD\fR],[\fImemory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR],[\fIvCPU\fR=\fIVCPU\fR]
The requirements for nodes. Google Compute Engine will automatically choose a
node type that fits the requirements on Node Group creation. If multiple node
types match your defined criteria, the NodeType with the least amount of each
resource will be selected. You can specify 'any' to indicate any non\-zero value
for a certain resource.

The following keys are allowed:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBvCPU\fR
The number of committed cores available to the node.

.TP 2m
\fBmemory\fR
The amount of memory available to the node. This value should include unit (eg.
3072MB or 9GB). If no units are specified, \fBMB is assumed\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBlocalSSD\fR
Optional. The amount of SSD space available on the node. This value should
include unit (eg. 3072MB or 9GB). If no units are specified, \fBGB is
assumed\fR. If this key is not specified, local SSD is unconstrained.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-type\fR=\fINODE_TYPE\fR
The node type to use for nodes in node groups using this template. The type of a
node determines what resources are available to instances running on the node.

See the following for more information:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-types
.RE


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-affinity\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Labels to use for node affinity, which will be used in instance scheduling. This
corresponds to the \f5\-\-node\-affinity\fR flag on \f5compute instances
create\fR and \f5compute instance\-templates create\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the node templates to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-server\-binding\fR=\fISERVER_BINDING\fR; default="restart\-node\-on\-any\-server"
The server binding policy for nodes using this template, which determines where
the nodes should restart following a maintenance event. \fISERVER_BINDING\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrestart\-node\-on\-any\-server\fR
Nodes using this template will restart on any physical server following a
maintenance event.
.TP 2m
\fBrestart\-node\-on\-minimal\-servers\fR
Nodes using this template will restart on the same physical server following a
maintenance event, instead of being live migrated to or restarted on a new
physical server. This means that VMs on such nodes will experience outages while
maintenance is applied. This option may be useful if you are using software
licenses tied to the underlying server characteristics such as physical sockets
or cores, to avoid the need for additional licenses when maintenance occurs.

Note that in some cases, Google Compute Engine may need to move your VMs to a
new underlying server. During these situations your VMs will be restarted on a
new physical server and assigned a new sole tenant physical server ID.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a node template of type \f5n1\-node\-96\-624\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates create \e
    my\-node\-template \-\-node\-type=n1\-node\-96\-624
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates create
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates create
.RE

