
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics describe \- describes a Cloud Pub/Sub topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics describe\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Cloud Pub/Sub topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Name of the topic to describe. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[topic] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics describe
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics describe
.RE

