
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_SET\-PRIMARY\-VERSION" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys set\-primary\-version \- set the primary version of a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys set\-primary\-version\fR \fIKEY\fR \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the specified version as the primary version of the given
key. The version is specified by its version number assigned on creation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key to modify.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Version to make primary.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command sets version 9 as the primary version of the key
\f5samwise\fR within keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5global\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys set\-primary\-version samwise \-\-version 9 \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \-\-location global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys set\-primary\-version
$ gcloud beta kms keys set\-primary\-version
.RE

