
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SCC_ASSETS_GROUP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta scc assets group \- filter an organization's assets and groups them by their specified properties



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta scc assets group\fR [\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-compare\-duration\fR=\fICOMPARE_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-group\-by\fR=\fIGROUP_BY\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Filter an organization's assets and groups them by their specified
properties.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- Refers to the source whose assets should be grouped by.
This represents a Cloud resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIORGANIZATION\fR]
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-compare\-duration\fR=\fICOMPARE_DURATION\fR
GroupAssetsResult's "state_change" attribute is updated to indicate whether the
asset was added, removed, or remained present during the compare_duration period
of time that precedes the read_time. Example duration: "100000s"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR
Expression is a list of one or more restrictions combined via logical operators
\'AND' and 'OR'. Parentheses are not supported, and 'OR' has higher precedence
than 'AND'. For example, 'update_time > 100 AND
security_center_properties.resource_type=\e"google.cloud.resourcemanager.Organization\e"'
is a valid filter string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-by\fR=\fIGROUP_BY\fR
Expression that defines what asset fields to use for grouping (including
\'state'). String value should follow SQL syntax: comma separated list of
fields. For example: "parent,resource_name". The following fields are supported:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
security_center_properties.resource_project
.IP "\(em" 2m
security_center_properties.resource_type
.IP "\(em" 2m
security_center_properties.resource_parent
.IP "\(em" 2m
state_change
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
The maximum number of results to return in a single response. Default is 10,
minimum is 1, maximum is 1000.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
Value returned by the last 'GroupAssetsResponse'; indicates that this is a
continuation of a prior 'GroupAssets' call, and that the system should return
the next page of data.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR
Time used as a reference point when filtering assets. Filter is limited to
assets existing at the supplied time and their values are those at that specific
time. For example: 2019\-02\-28T07:00:00Z. Absence of this field will default to
the API's version of NOW.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Group assets under organization 123456 by their type (e.g. project, disk,
compute instance, service etc):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets group 123456 \e
    \-\-group\-by="security_center_properties.resource_type"
.RE

Group compute instances (assets) under organization 123456 by their respective
projects:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets group 123456 \e
    \-\-filter="security_center_properties.resource_type=\e"google.comp\e
ute.Instance\e""\e
 \-\-group\-by="security_center_properties.resource_project"
.RE

Group assets that were updated on or after 2019\-01\-01T01:00:00 GMT by their
types.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets group 123456 \e
    \-\-filter="update_time >= 1546304400000" \e
    \-\-group\-by="security_center_properties.resource_type"
.RE

Group assets into following 3 state_changes (ADDED/DELETED/ACTIVE) based on the
activity during past 24 hours:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets group 123456 \-\-compare\-duration=86400s \e
    \-\-group\-by="state_change"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc assets group
$ gcloud alpha scc assets group
.RE

