
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds triggers describe \- describe a build trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds triggers describe\fR \fITRIGGER\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a build trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Trigger resource \- Build Trigger. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [trigger] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITRIGGER\fR
ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudbuild/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

