
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_WORKER\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools \- manage Remote Build Execution Worker Pools



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create, delete, list, view, and update worker pool configurations
for Remote Build Execution instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a worker pool in the specified instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a worker pool from a specified instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a worker pool.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List worker pools in a project for a specified instance.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Remote Build Execution worker pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

