
.TH "GCLOUD_SECRETS_VERSIONS_DESTROY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud secrets versions destroy \- destroy a secret version's metadata and secret data



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud secrets versions destroy\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Destroy a secret version's metadata and secret data. This action is
irreversible.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Version resource \- Numeric secret version to destroy or \f5latest\fR to use the
latest version. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [VERSION] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR
The secret of the version.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Destroy version '123' of the secret named 'my\-secret':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets versions destroy 123 \-\-secret=my\-secret
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets versions destroy
.RE

