
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-TEMPLATES_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove an IAM policy binding from a node template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a node template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Node template resource \- The node template for which to remove IAM policy
binding from. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [node_template] on the command line with a fully specified name; set
the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the node_template or fully qualified identifier for the node_template.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.admin' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on node template with
identifier 'my\-node\-template'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-node\-template \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.admin' from all authenticated users on node template
\'my\-node\-template':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-node\-template \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates \e
    remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

