
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_DICOM\-STORES_IMPORT_GCS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores import gcs \- import DICOM objects into a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores import gcs\fR (\fIDICOM_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Import DICOM objects into a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

DicomStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store into which the data is
imported. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[dicom_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDICOM_STORE\fR
ID of the dicomStore or fully qualified identifier for the dicomStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI containing DICOM object data. It must match individual
DICOM files or co


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import the DICOM objects from the existing bucket 'testGcsBucket' in the
folder 'someFolder' into the DICOM store 'test\-dicom\-store', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores import gcs test\-dicom\-store \e
    \-\-gcs\-uri="gs://testGcsBucket/someFolder/*" \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE

Note that '\fB' matches any files within a folder, and '**' also recursively
matches files within sub\-folders.


\fR

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores import gcs
.RE

