
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore locations describe \- describe a Cloud Filestore location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore locations describe\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR \f5gcloud filestore locations\fR is deprecated.
Use \f5gcloud filestore zones\fR or \f5gcloud filestore regions\fR instead.

Describe a Cloud Filestore location.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Zone resource \- The location to describe. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [zone] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIZONE\fR
ID of the zone or fully qualified identifier for the zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command shows the details for the Cloud Filestore location named
NAME.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore locations describe NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore locations describe
$ gcloud beta filestore locations describe
.RE

