
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_TAIL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging tail \- tail log entries



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging tail\fR [\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-buffer\-window\fR=\fIBUFFER_WINDOW\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha logging tail streams newly received log entries. Log
entries matching \fBlog\-filter\fR are returned in the order that they were
received by Cloud Logging. If the log entries come from multiple logs, then
entries from different logs might be intermingled in the results. To help return
log entries in order, use \f5\-\-buffer\-window\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fILOG_FILTER\fR]
Filter expression that specifies the log entries to return. A detailed guide on
the Logging query language can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/logging\-query\-language.overview


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-buffer\-window\fR=\fIBUFFER_WINDOW\fR
The duration of time for which entries should be buffered for ordering before
being returned. A longer buffer window helps to return logs in chronological
order, but it also increases the latency from when entries are received by Cloud
Logging to when they are returned. If unset, Cloud Logging will use 2s by
default.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Tail log entries associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Tail log entries associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Tail log entries associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Tail log entries associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These arguments are used in conjunction with the parent to construct a view
resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
Id of the bucket. If this argument is provided, then \f5\-\-location\fR and
\f5\-\-view\fR must also be specified. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the bucket. If this argument is provided, then \f5\-\-bucket\fR and
\f5\-\-view\fR must also be specified. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR
Id of the view. If this argument is provided, then \f5\-\-location\fR and
\f5\-\-bucket\fR must also be specified. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To stream log entries from Google Compute Engine instances, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging tail "resource.type=gce_instance"
.RE

To stream log entries with severity ERROR or higher, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging tail "severity>=ERROR"
.RE

To stream log entries with severity ERROR but only output the timestamps and
instance IDs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging tail "severity>=ERROR" \e
    \-\-format="default(timestamp,resource["labels"]["instance_id"])"
.RE

To stream with minimal latency but potentially incorrect ordering:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging tail "resource.type=gce_instance" \e
    \-\-buffer\-window=0s
.RE

To stream up to 10 log entries in your project's syslog log from Compute Engine
instances containing payloads that include the word \f5SyncAddress\fR and format
the output in \f5JSON\fR format, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging tail \e
    "resource.type=gce_instance AND log_id(syslog) AND\e
 textPayload:SyncAddress" \-\-limit=10 \-\-format=json
.RE

To stream a log entry from a folder, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging tail "resource.type=global" \e
    \-\-folder=[FOLDER_ID] \-\-limit=1
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/logging\-query\-language



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

