
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_ASSETS_RUN\-DISCOVERY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc assets run\-discovery \- scan an organization for new/modified/deleted assets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc assets run\-discovery\fR \fIORGANIZATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Scan an organization for new/modified/deleted assets. Note that
this API can only be called with limited frequency for an organization. If it is
called too frequently the caller will receive a TOO_MANY_REQUESTS error.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The organization for which scan should be run. This
represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORGANIZATION\fR
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Run new scan for organization (123456):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc assets run\-discovery 123456
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

