
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics create \- creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics create\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fITOPIC\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-keyring\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-location\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- One or more topics to create. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[topic] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR [\fITOPIC\fR ...]
IDs of the topics or fully qualified identifiers for the topics.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
A list of one or more Cloud regions where messages are allowed to be stored at
rest.

.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the topic. The specified Cloud KMS key should have purpose set
to "ENCRYPT_DECRYPT". The service account,
"service\-${CONSUMER_PROJECT_NUMBER}@gcp\-sa\-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
requires the IAM cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter role for the given Cloud KMS key.
CONSUMER_PROJECT_NUMBER is the project number of the project that is the parent
of the topic being created. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-keyring\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-location\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-encryption\-key\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_ENCRYPTION_KEY_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics create mytopic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics create
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics create
.RE

