
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-templates \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-templates\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Lists, creates, deletes, and modifies Compute Engine instance
templates.

More information on Compute Engine instance templates can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance\-templates



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine instance
template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine virtual machine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-with\-container\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Creates Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance template
running Docker images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance templates.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a virtual machine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine instance templates.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Google Compute Engine instance
template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-templates
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates
.RE

