
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list \- list Google Compute Engine instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list\fR displays all
Google Compute Engine instance groups in a project.

By default, instance groups from all regions and instance groups from all zones
are listed. The results can be narrowed down by providing the
\f5\fI\-\-regions\fR\fR or \f5\fI\-\-zones\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of
resources.

Argument \f5NAME\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name=( 'NAME' ... )"\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
(DEPRECATED) Regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names
that do not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

Flag \f5\-\-regexp\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name~'REGEXP'"\fR
instead.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, only regional resources are shown. If arguments are
provided, only resources from the given regions are shown.

Flag \f5\-\-regions\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="region:( REGION ...
)"\fR instead. For example \f5\-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 europe\-west2
)"\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, only zonal resources are shown. If arguments are
provided, only resources from the given zones are shown.

Flag \f5\-\-zones\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="zone:( ZONE ... )"\fR
instead. For example \f5\-\-filter="zone:( europe\-west1\-b europe\-west1\-c
)"\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all instance groups in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list
.RE

To list the URIs of all instance groups in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all instance groups in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, given they are regional resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list \e
    \-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 us\-central1 )"
.RE

To list all instance groups in zones \f5\fIus\-central1\-b\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\-d\fR\fR, given they are zonal resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups list \e
    \-\-filter="zone:( europe\-west1\-d us\-central1\-b )"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups list
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups list
.RE

