
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_USERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql users \- provide commands for managing Cloud SQL users



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql users\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide commands for managing Cloud SQL users including creating,
listing, and deleting users.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a user in a given instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Cloud SQL user in a given instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists Cloud SQL users in a given instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-password\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Changes a user's password in a given instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql users
$ gcloud beta sql users
.RE

