
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NETWORK\-CONNECTIVITY_HUBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha network\-connectivity hubs describe \- describe a hub



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha network\-connectivity hubs describe\fR \fIHUB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details of a hub.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Hub resource \- Name of the hub to be described. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [hub]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIHUB\fR
ID of the hub or fully qualified identifier for the hub.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworkconnectivity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Show details about a hub named \f5\fImy\-hub\fR\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha network\-connectivity hubs describe my\-hub
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

