
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPE\-PROVIDERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers \- commands for Deployment Manager type providers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager type providers.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a type provider.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a type provider.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a type provider entry in Type Registry.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List type providers in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a type provider.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view the details of a type provider, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers describe TYPE_NAME
.RE

To see the list of all type providers, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers list
.RE

More information about type providers:
https://cloud.google.com/deployment\-manager/docs/fundamentals#basetypes



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers
.RE

