
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances create \- creates a Remote Build Execution instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR;\ default="us\-central1"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a Remote Build Execution instance, which contains a remote
cache and can contain worker pools for execution of build and test actions.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments describing the instance to create. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR; default="us\-central1"
The Cloud location to create the instance in. Currently this can only be
\'us\-central1'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBremotebuildexecution/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/remote\-build\-execution/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following creates an instance named 'new_instance':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances create new_instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

