
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_GAME_SERVERS_CONFIGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta game servers configs delete \- delete a Game Server Config



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta game servers configs delete\fR (\fICONFIG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-deployment\fR=\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Game Server Config.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete Game Server Config 'my\-config' in project 'my\-project', deployment
\'my\-deployment', and location 'global'(configs only support the 'global'
location), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers configs delete my\-config \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-deployment=deployment \-\-location=global
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Game server config resource \- Cloud Game Server Config to delete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [config] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONFIG\fR
ID of the game server config or fully qualified identifier for the game server
config. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-deployment\fR=\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
Cloud Game Servers Deployment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers configs delete
.RE

