
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPE\-PROVIDERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers \- commands for Deployment Manager type providers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager type providers.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a type provider.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a type provider.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a type provider entry in Type Registry.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List type providers in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a type provider.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view the details of a type provider, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers describe TYPE_NAME
.RE

To see the list of all type providers, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers list
.RE

More information about type providers:
https://cloud.google.com/deployment\-manager/docs/fundamentals#basetypes



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers
.RE

