
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSURED_WORKLOADS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha assured workloads \- commands for reading and manipulating Assured Workloads resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha assured workloads\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create, read, update, list and delete Assured Workloads resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Assured Workloads environment.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Assured Workloads environment.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe Assured Workloads environment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all Assured Workloads environments that belong to a given
parent organization.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Assured Workloads environments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta assured workloads
.RE

