
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_MODIFY\-MESSAGE\-ACK\-DEADLINE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline \- modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud Pub/Sub message



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fIACK_ID\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR [\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This method is useful to indicate that more time is needed to
process a message by the subscriber, or to make the message available for
redelivery if the processing was interrupted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
Name of the subscription messages belong to.

.TP 2m
[\fIACK_ID\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.

Positional argument \f5ACK_ID\fR is deprecated. Please use \f5\-\-ack\-ids\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR
The number of seconds the system will wait for a subscriber to acknowledge
receiving a message before re\-attempting delivery.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]
One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline
.RE

