
.TH "GCLOUD_DATA\-CATALOG_SEARCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud data\-catalog search \- search Cloud Data Catalog for resources that match a query



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud data\-catalog search\fR \fIQUERY\fR (\fB\-\-include\-gcp\-public\-datasets\fR\ \fB\-\-include\-organization\-ids\fR=[\fIORGANIZATION\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-include\-project\-ids\fR=[\fIPROJECT\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-restricted\-locations\fR=[\fILOCATION\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-order\-by\fR=\fIORDER_BY\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Search Cloud Data Catalog for resources that match a query.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUERY\fR
Query string in search query syntax in Cloud Data Catalog. For more information,
see: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/how\-to/search\-reference


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Scope. Control the scope of the search. At least one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-gcp\-public\-datasets\fR
If True, include Google Cloud Platform public datasets in the search results.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-organization\-ids\fR=[\fIORGANIZATION\fR,...]
List of Cloud Organization IDs to include in the search.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-project\-ids\fR=[\fIPROJECT\fR,...]
List of Cloud Project IDs to include in the search.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-restricted\-locations\fR=[\fILOCATION\fR,...]
List of locations to search within.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-order\-by\fR=\fIORDER_BY\fR
Specifies the ordering of results. Defaults to 'relevance'.

Currently supported case\-sensitive choices are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
relevance
.IP "\(em" 2m
last_access_timestamp [asc|desc]: defaults to descending.
.IP "\(em" 2m
last_modified_timestamp [asc|desc]: defaults to descending.

.RE
.RE
.sp
To order by last modified timestamp ascending, specify:
\f5\-\-order\-by="last_modified_timestamp desc"\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To search project 'my\-project' for Cloud Data Catalog resources that match the
simple predicate 'foo':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog search 'foo' \-\-include\-project\-ids=my\-project
.RE

To search organization '1234' for Cloud Data Catalog resources that match
entities whose names match the predicate 'foo':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog search 'name:foo' \e
    \-\-include\-organization\-ids=1234
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog search
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog search
.RE

