
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision \- use Google Cloud Vision to analyze images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Use Google Cloud Vision to analyze images.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-document\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect dense text in an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-faces\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect faces within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-image\-properties\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect general attributes of an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-labels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect broad sets of categories within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-landmarks\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect popular natural and man\-made structures within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-logos\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect popular product logos within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-safe\-search\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect explicit content in an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-text\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect and extract text within an image.

.TP 2m
\fBdetect\-web\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Detect entities in an image from similar images on the web.

.TP 2m
\fBsuggest\-crop\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Suggest a bounding box in an image.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml vision
$ gcloud alpha ml vision
.RE

