
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_INSTANCES_RESTORE\-BACKUP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql instances restore\-backup \- restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql instances restore\-backup\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-id\fR=\fIBACKUP_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-instance\fR=\fIBACKUP_INSTANCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR DEPRECATED: This command is deprecated and will be removed. Use
\'gcloud beta sql backups restore' instead.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID that will be restored.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-id\fR=\fIBACKUP_ID\fR
The ID of the backup run to restore from.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-instance\fR=\fIBACKUP_INSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance that the backup was taken from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances restore\-backup
$ gcloud beta sql instances restore\-backup
.RE

