
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates delete \- delete a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates delete\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a workflow template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to delete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [template] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a workflow template 'my\-workflow\-template', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates delete \e
    my\-workflow\-template \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates delete
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates delete
.RE

