
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_VERSIONS_BROWSE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app versions browse \- open the specified versions in a browser



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app versions browse\fR \fIVERSIONS\fR [\fIVERSIONS\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR,\ \fB\-s\fR\ \fISERVICE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Open the specified versions in a browser.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSIONS\fR [\fIVERSIONS\fR ...]
The versions to open (optionally filtered by the \-\-service flag).


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-launch\-browser\fR
Launch a browser if possible. When disabled, only displays the URL. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR, \fB\-s\fR \fISERVICE\fR
If specified, only open versions from the given service. If not specified, use
the default service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show version \f5v1\fR for the default service in the browser, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app versions browse v1
.RE

To show version \f5v1\fR of a specific service in the browser, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app versions browse v1 \-\-service="myService"
.RE

To show multiple versions side\-by\-side, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app versions browse v1 v2 \-\-service="myService"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app versions browse
.RE

