
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_LIST\-IP\-OWNERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners \- list IP owners in a network



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-ip\-cidr\-range\fR=\fIIP_CIDR_RANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-owner\-projects\fR=\fIOWNER_PROJECTS\fR] [\fB\-\-owner\-types\fR=\fIOWNER_TYPES\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\-name\fR=\fISUBNET_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners\fR is used to
list IP owners in a network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ip\-cidr\-range\fR=\fIIP_CIDR_RANGE\fR
Only return IP owners whose IP ranges overlap with the IP CIDR range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-owner\-projects\fR=\fIOWNER_PROJECTS\fR
Only return IP owners in the projects. Multiple projects are separated by comma,
e.g., "project\-1,project\-2".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-owner\-types\fR=\fIOWNER_TYPES\fR
Only return IP owners of the types, which can be any combination of instance,
address, forwardingRule, subnetwork, or network. Multiple types are separated by
comma, e.g., "instance,forwardingRule,address"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-name\fR=\fISUBNET_NAME\fR
Only return IP owners in the subnets with the name. Not applicable for legacy
networks.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-region\fR=\fISUBNET_REGION\fR
Only return IP owners in the subnets of the region. Not applicable for legacy
networks.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all IP owners in a network:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners my\-network
.RE

List IP owners only for given owner types:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners my\-network          \e
     \-\-owner\-types=instance,address,forwardingRule
.RE

List IP owners only for given owner projects:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners my\-network          \e
     \-\-owner\-projects=p1,p2
.RE

List IP owners only for given subnet:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners my\-network          \e
     \-\-subnet\-name=subnet\-1 \-\-subnet\-region=us\-central1
.RE

List IP owners whose IP ranges overlap with the given IP CIDR range:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks list\-ip\-owners my\-network          \e
     \-\-ip\-cidr\-range=10.128.10.130/30
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

