
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks subnets set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine subnetwork



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks subnets set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fISUBNETWORK\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given subnetwork as defined in a JSON
or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subnetwork resource \- The subnetwork to set the IAM policy for. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [subnetwork] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBNETWORK\fR
ID of the subnetwork or fully qualified identifier for the subnetwork. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine region.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/beta\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the subnetwork \f5my\-subnet\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks subnets set\-iam\-policy my\-subnet \e
    policy.json \-\-region=REGION
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks subnets set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha compute networks subnets set\-iam\-policy
.RE

