
.TH "GCLOUD_SECRETS_VERSIONS_ADD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud secrets versions add \- create a new version of an existing secret



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud secrets versions add\fR \fISECRET\fR \fB\-\-data\-file\fR=\fIPATH\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new version of an existing secret with the provided data. The command
will return an error if no such secret exists.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Secret resource \- The secret to create. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [SECRET] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECRET\fR
ID of the secret or fully qualified identifier for the secret.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-file\fR=\fIPATH\fR
File path from which to read secret data. Set this to "\-" to read the secret
data from stdin.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Create a new version of an existing secret named 'my\-secret' with secret data
"s3cr3t":

.RS 2m
$ echo "s3cr3t" | gcloud secrets versions add \e
    " my\-secret \-\-data\-file=\-
.RE

Create a new version of an existing secret named 'my\-secret' with secret data
from a file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets versions add my\-secret \-\-data\-file=/tmp/secret
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets versions add
.RE

