
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SCC_ASSETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta scc assets \- manage Cloud SCC assets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta scc assets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud SCC assets.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an asset given its resource name or asset id.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-parent\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the Parent for an asset given its resource name or asset id.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-project\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the Project for an asset given its resource name or asset id.

.TP 2m
\fBgroup\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Filter an organization's assets and groups them by their specified
properties.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Cloud Security Command Center assets.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-marks\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List an assets's security marks.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\-discovery\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Scan an organization for new/modified/deleted assets.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-marks\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update Cloud Security Command Center asset's security marks.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc assets
$ gcloud alpha scc assets
.RE

