
.TH "GCLOUD_NETWORK\-MANAGEMENT_CONNECTIVITY\-TESTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud network\-management connectivity\-tests delete \- delete a connectivity test



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud network\-management connectivity\-tests delete\fR \fICONNECTIVITY_TEST\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete the specified connectivity test.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connectivity test resource \- Name of the connectivity test you want to delete.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [connectivity_test] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTIVITY_TEST\fR
ID of the connectivity test or fully qualified identifier for the connectivity
test.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworkmanagement/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a connectivity test with the name \f5my\-test\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud network\-management connectivity\-tests delete my\-test
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta network\-management connectivity\-tests delete
.RE

