
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_PYSPARK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs submit pyspark \- submit a PySpark job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs submit pyspark\fR \fIPY_FILE\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR [\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-py\-files\fR=[\fIPY_FILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIJOB_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Submit a PySpark job to a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPY_FILE\fR
Main .py file to run as the driver.

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIJOB_ARGS\fR ...]
Arguments to pass to the driver.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and JOB_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of archives to be provided to the job. must be one of the
following file formats: .zip, .tar, .tar.gz, or .tgz.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
List of key value pairs to configure driver logging, where key is a package and
value is the log4j log level. For example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of files to be provided to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the executor and driver
classpaths.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR
Specifies maximum number of times a job can be restarted in event of failure.
Expressed as a per\-hour rate. Default is 0 (no failure retries).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key value pairs to configure PySpark. For a list of available
properties, see:
https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html#available\-properties.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-py\-files\fR=[\fIPY_FILE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of Python files to be provided to the job. Must be one of
the following file formats ".py, .zip, or .egg".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a PySpark job with a local script and custom flags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit pyspark \-\-cluster=my_cluster \e
    my_script.py \-\- \-\-custom\-flag
.RE

To submit a Spark job that runs a script that is already on the cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit pyspark \-\-cluster=my_cluster \e
    file:///usr/lib/spark/examples/src/main/python/pi.py 100
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit pyspark
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit pyspark
.RE

