
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_WEB_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap web add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to an IAP IAM resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap web add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR\ \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of an IAP IAM resource.
One binding consists of a member, a role, and an optional condition. See $
gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy for examples of how to specify an IAP IAM
resource.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

Condition of the binding to be added. When condition is explicitly specified as
\f5None\fR (e.g. \-\-condition=None), a binding without a condition is added.
When \-\-condition is specified and is not a \f5None\fR condition,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) Title for the expression, i.e. a short string describing its purpose.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Description for the expression. This is a longer text which describes
the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR
Resource type of the IAP IAM resource. \fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBapp\-engine\fR, \fBbackend\-services\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Service name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Service version. Should only be specified with
\f5\-\-resource\-type=app\-engine\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

See $ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy for examples of how to specify an
IAP IAM resource.

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on IAP IAM resource IAP_IAM_RESOURCE, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web add\-iam\-policy\-binding IAP_IAM_RESOURCE \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com'
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for all
authenticated users on IAP IAM resource IAP_IAM_RESOURCE, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web add\-iam\-policy\-binding IAP_IAM_RESOURCE \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers'
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2018 for the
role of 'roles/browser' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on IAP IAM resource
IAP_IAM_RESOURCE, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web add\-iam\-policy\-binding IAP_IAM_RESOURCE \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com'
    \-\-role='roles/browser' \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
    timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,
    description=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iap web add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta iap web add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

