
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_TRANSLATE_TRANSLATE\-TEXT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml translate translate\-text \- use the Google Cloud Translation API to translate between languages



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml translate translate\-text\fR \fB\-\-target\-language\fR=\fITARGET_LANGUAGE\fR (\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-glossary\-config\fR=\fIGLOSSARY_CONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-mime\-type\fR=\fIMIME_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-language\fR=\fISOURCE_LANGUAGE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR;\ default="global"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Translates input text and returns translated text.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-language\fR=\fITARGET_LANGUAGE\fR
The BCP\-47 language code to use for translation of the input text.

.TP 2m

Contents group. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR
The content of the input in string format. We recommend that the content be less
than 30k codepoints.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR
Specify a local file path containing the text to be translated.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-glossary\-config\fR=\fIGLOSSARY_CONFIG\fR
Glossary to be applied. The glossary must be within the same region as the
model.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mime\-type\fR=\fIMIME_TYPE\fR
The format of the source text, for example, 'text/html', 'text/plain'. Defaults
to 'text/html'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
The model type requested for this translation. The format depends on the model
type:

.RS 2m
for AutoML Translation models: model\-id
.RE

.RS 2m
for General (built\-in) models: general/nmt or general/base
.RE

Authorization requires one or more of the following Google IAM permissions on
the specified resource model:

.RS 2m
cloudtranslate.generalModels.predict
.RE

.RS 2m
automl.models.predict
.RE

If missing, the system decides which google base model to use.

Usage:

AutoML models: '\-\-model=TRL321456789'

General models: '\-\-model=general/nmt'

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-language\fR=\fISOURCE_LANGUAGE\fR
The BCP\-47 language code of the input text if known, for example, 'en\-US' or
\'sr\-Latn'. If the source language isn't specified, the API attempts to
identify the source language automatically and returns the source language in
the response.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR; default="global"
Location to make calls. Non\-global location is required for requests using
AutoML models. Currently, only 'us\-central1' is supported as a non\-global
location. Defaults to 'global'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtranslate/v3\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/quickstarts



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command translates 'What beautiful weather!' into French.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml translate translate\-text \e
    \-\-content='What beautiful weather!' \-\-zone=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-target\-language=fr\-CA
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml translate translate\-text
.RE

