
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts \- manage Artifact Registry resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdocker\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry container images and tags.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry resource locations.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry long\-running operations.

.TP 2m
\fBpackages\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry packages.

.TP 2m
\fBprint\-settings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print snippets to add to native tools settings files.

.TP 2m
\fBrepositories\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry repositories.

.TP 2m
\fBtags\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry tags.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry package versions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts
.RE

