
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances export \- export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's configuration to a file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances export\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's configuration
to a file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Name of the instance to export. For details on valid
instance names, refer to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported. The exported data
will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag
to write to standard output. A schema describing the export/import format can be
found in $CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/...


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

A virtual machine can be exported by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances export my\-instance \e
    \-\-destination=<path\-to\-file>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances export
$ gcloud beta compute instances export
.RE

