
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ORGANIZATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha organizations describe \- show metadata for an organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha organizations describe\fR \fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Shows metadata for an organization, given a valid organization ID.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The organization specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given organization.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
ID for the organization you want to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command prints metadata for an organization with the ID
\f53589215982\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha organizations describe 3589215982
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud organizations describe
$ gcloud beta organizations describe
.RE

