
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_IMPORT\-JOBS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs create \- create a new import job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs create\fR \fIIMPORT_JOB\fR \fB\-\-import\-method\fR=\fIIMPORT_METHOD\fR \fB\-\-protection\-level\fR=\fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a new import job within the given keyring.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR
Name of the import job to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-method\fR=\fIIMPORT_METHOD\fR
The wrapping method to be used for incoming key material. For more information
about choosing an import method, see
https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/key\-wrapping. \fIIMPORT_METHOD\fR must be one
of: \fBrsa\-oaep\-3072\-sha1\-aes\-256\fR,
\fBrsa\-oaep\-4096\-sha1\-aes\-256\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-protection\-level\fR=\fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR
Protection level of the import job. \fIPROTECTION_LEVEL\fR must be one of:
\fBsoftware\fR, \fBhsm\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the import job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the import job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a new import job named 'strider' within the
\'fellowship' keyring, and 'us\-central1' location:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs create strider \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-import\-method=rsa\-oaep\-3072\-sha1\-aes\-256 \e
    \-\-protection\-level=hsm
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms import\-jobs create
$ gcloud beta kms import\-jobs create
.RE

