
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_ENDPOINTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta service\-directory endpoints describe \- describe an endpoint



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta service\-directory endpoints describe\fR (\fIENDPOINT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an endpoint.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Endpoint resource \- The Service Directory endpoint to describe. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [endpoint] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENDPOINT\fR
ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
The name of the namespace for the endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The name of the service for the endpoint.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a Service Directory endpoint, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory endpoints describe my\-endpoint \e
    \-\-service=my\-service \-\-namespace=my\-namespace \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory endpoints describe
.RE

