
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_VPN\-TUNNELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels create \- create a VPN tunnel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-peer\-address\fR=\fIPEER_ADDRESS\fR \fB\-\-shared\-secret\fR=\fISHARED_SECRET\fR \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-ike\-version\fR=\fIIKE_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-local\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-remote\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR] [\fB\-\-router\-region\fR=\fIROUTER_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute vpn\-tunnels create\fR is used to create a VPN tunnel between
a VPN Gateway in Google Cloud Platform and an external gateway that is
identified by \-\-peer\-address.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the VPN Tunnel to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-address\fR=\fIPEER_ADDRESS\fR
Valid IP\-v4 address representing the remote tunnel endpoint

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shared\-secret\fR=\fISHARED_SECRET\fR
Shared secret consisting of printable characters. Valid arguments match the
regular expression [ \-~]+

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
A reference to a Cloud VPN Classic Target VPN Gateway.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the VPN tunnel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ike\-version\fR=\fIIKE_VERSION\fR
Internet Key Exchange protocol version number. Default is 2. \fIIKE_VERSION\fR
must be one of: \fB1\fR, \fB2\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]
Traffic selector is an agreement between IKE peers to permit traffic through a
tunnel if the traffic matches a specified pair of local and remote addresses;
this flag can only be specified for Classic VPN tunnels.

\-\-local\-traffic\-selector allows to configure the local addresses that are
permitted. The value should be a comma separated list of CIDR formatted strings.
Example: 192.168.0.0/16,10.0.0.0/24.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the VPN Tunnel to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remote\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]
Traffic selector is an agreement between IKE peers to permit traffic through a
tunnel if the traffic matches a specified pair of local and remote addresses;
this flag can only be specified for Classic VPN tunnels.

\-\-remote\-traffic\-selector allows to configure the remote addresses that are
permitted. The value should be a comma separated list of CIDR formatted strings.
Example: 192.168.0.0/16,10.0.0.0/24.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR
The Router to use for dynamic routing.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\-region\fR=\fIROUTER_REGION\fR
Region of the router to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
Region of the Target VPN Gateway to operate on. Should be the same as region, if
not specified, it will be automatically set. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute vpn\-tunnels create
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels create
.RE

