
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ARTIFACTS_REPOSITORIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta artifacts repositories \- manage Artifact Registry repositories



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta artifacts repositories\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of an Artifact Registry
repository.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create an Artifact Registry repository.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an Artifact Registry repository.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for an Artifact Registry repository.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List repositories in the specified project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from the IAM policy of an Artifact
Registry repository.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for an Artifact Registry repository.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a repository with the name \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories create my\-repo
.RE

To delete a repository with the name \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories delete my\-repo
.RE

To list all Artifact Registry repositories, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories list
.RE

To set an IAM policy for repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories set\-iam\-policy my\-repo \e
    policy.json
.RE

To get an IAM policy for repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories get\-iam\-policy my\-repo
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-repo
\-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on repository \f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-repo
\-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts repositories
.RE

