
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_ROLES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam roles delete \- delete a custom role from an organization or a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam roles delete\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command deletes a role.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The role specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given role.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the custom role to delete. For example: CustomRole. You must also
specify the \f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a role of an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles delete \-\-organization 1234567 viewer
.RE

To delete a role of a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles delete \-\-project myproject viewer
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles delete
$ gcloud beta iam roles delete
.RE

