
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_VARIANTSETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics variantsets create \- creates a variant set belonging to a specified dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics variantsets create\fR \fB\-\-dataset\-id\fR=\fIDATASET_ID\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-reference\-set\-id\fR=\fIREFERENCE_SET_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a variant set belonging to a specified dataset.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\-id\fR=\fIDATASET_ID\fR
The ID of the dataset the variant set will belong to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the variant set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
The user\-defined name of the variant set. Name does not uniquely identify a
variant set. It is for descriptive purposes only.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reference\-set\-id\fR=\fIREFERENCE_SET_ID\fR
The reference set the variant set will be associated with. When variants are
later added to this variant set, the API enforces consistency with this
reference set.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

