
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager operations describe \- describe a long\-running operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Certificate Manager long\-running operation.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an operation with name simple\-operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager operations describe \e
    simple\-operation
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Certificate Manager operation to describe. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [operation] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
To set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcertificatemanager/v1alpha1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

