
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORK\-ENDPOINT\-GROUPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups update \- update a Compute Engine network endpoint group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups update\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-add\-endpoint\fR=[\fIfqdn\fR=\fIFQDN\fR],[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-endpoint\fR=[\fIfqdn\fR=\fIFQDN\fR],[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]) [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a Compute Engine network endpoint group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the network endpoint group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

These flags can be specified multiple times to add/remove multiple endpoints.
Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-endpoint\fR=[\fIfqdn\fR=\fIFQDN\fR],[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]
The network endpoint to add to the network endpoint group. Keys used depend on
the endpoint type of the NEG.

\f5gce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR

.RS 2m
*instance* \- Name of instance in same zone as the network endpoint
group.
.RE

.RS 2m
The VM instance must belong to the network / subnetwork
associated with the network endpoint group. If the VM instance
is deleted, then any network endpoint group that has a reference
to it is updated.
.RE

.RS 2m
*ip* \- Optional IP address of the network endpoint. the IP address
must belong to a VM in compute engine (either the primary IP or
as part of an aliased IP range). If the IP address is not
specified, then the primary IP address for the VM instance in
the network that the network endpoint group belongs to will be
used.
.RE

.RS 2m
*port* \- Required endpoint port unless NEG default port is set.
.RE

\f5internet\-ip\-port\fR

.RS 2m
*ip* \- Required IP address of the endpoint to attach. Must be
publicly routable.
.RE

.RS 2m
*port* \- Optional port of the endpoint to attach. If unspecified
then NEG default port is set. If no default port is set, the
well known port for the backend protocol will be used instead
(80 for http, 443 for https).
.RE

\f5internet\-fqdn\-port\fR

.RS 2m
*fqdn* \- Required fully qualified domain name to use to look up an
external endpoint. Must be resolvable to a public IP address via
public DNS.
.RE

.RS 2m
*port* \- Optional port of the endpoint to attach. If unspecified
then NEG default port is set. If no default port is set, the
well known port for the backend protocol will be used instead
(80 for http, 443 for https or http2).
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-endpoint\fR=[\fIfqdn\fR=\fIFQDN\fR],[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]
The network endpoint to detach from the network endpoint group. Keys used depend
on the endpoint type of the NEG.

\f5gce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR

.RS 2m
*instance* \- Required name of instance whose endpoint(s) to
detach. If IP address is unset then all endpoints for the
instance in the NEG will be detached.
.RE

.RS 2m
*ip* \- Optional IP address of the network endpoint to detach.
If specified port must be provided as well.
.RE

.RS 2m
*port* \- Optional port of the network endpoint to detach.
.RE

\f5internet\-ip\-port\fR

.RS 2m
*ip* \- Required IP address of the network endpoint to detach.
.RE

.RS 2m
*port* \- Optional port of the network endpoint to detach if the
endpoint has a port specified.
.RE

\f5internet\-fqdn\-port\fR

.RS 2m
*fqdn* \- Required fully qualified domain name of the endpoint to
detach.
.RE

.RS 2m
*port* \- Optional port of the network endpoint to detach if the
endpoint has a port specified.
.RE


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the network endpoint group is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the network endpoint group to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add two endpoints to a network endpoint group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups update my\-neg \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-add\-endpoint=instance=my\-instance1,ip=127.0.0.1,port=1234 \e
    \-\-add\-endpoint=instance=my\-instance2
.RE

To remove two endpoints from a network endpoint group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups update my\-neg \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-remove\-endpoint=instance=my\-instance1,ip=127.0.0.1,port=1234 \e
    \-\-remove\-endpoint=instance=my\-instance2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups update
$ gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups update
.RE

