
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_FINDINGS_GROUP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc findings group \- filter an organization or source's findings and groups them by their specified properties



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc findings group\fR [\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-compare\-duration\fR=\fICOMPARE_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-group\-by\fR=\fIGROUP_BY\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR;\ default="\-"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR To group across all sources provide a '\-' as the source id.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- Refers to the organization whose findings should be
grouped by. This represents a Cloud resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIORGANIZATION\fR]
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-compare\-duration\fR=\fICOMPARE_DURATION\fR
When compare_duration is set, the GroupResult's "state_change" attribute is
updated to indicate whether the finding had its state changed, the finding's
state remained unchanged, or if the finding was added during the
compare_duration period of time that precedes the read_time. This is the time
between (read_time \- compare_duration) and read_time. The state_change value is
derived based on the presence and state of the finding at the two points in
time. Intermediate state changes between the two times don't affect the result.
For example, the results aren't affected if the finding is made inactive and
then active again. Possible "state_change" values when compare_duration is
specified:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\'CHANGED': indicates that the finding was present at the start of
compare_duration, but changed its state at read_time.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\'UNCHANGED': indicates that the finding was present at the start of
compare_duration and did not change state at read_time.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\'ADDED': indicates that the finding was not present at the start of
compare_duration, but
.RE
.RE
.sp
was present at read_time. If compare_duration is not specified, then the only
possible state_change is "UNUSED", which will be the state_change set for all
findings present at read_time. If this field is set then 'state_change' must be
a specified field in 'group_by'.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR
Expression that defines the filter to apply across findings. The expression is a
list of one or more restrictions combined via logical operators 'AND' and 'OR'.
Parentheses are supported, and 'OR' has higher precedence than 'AND'.
Restrictions have the form '<field> <operator> <value>' and may have a '\-'
character in front of them to indicate negation. Examples include: name,
source_properties.a_property, security_marks.marks.marka. The supported
operators are:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\'=' for all value types.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\'>', '<', '>=', '<=' for integer values.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\':', meaning substring matching, for strings.
.RE
.RE
.sp
The supported value types are:string literals in quotes, integer literals
without quotes, boolean literals 'true' and 'false' without quotes. Some example
filters: 'source_properties.size = 100', 'category=\e"XSS\e" AND event_time >
10' etc.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-by\fR=\fIGROUP_BY\fR
Expression that defines what findings fields to use for grouping (including
\'state'). String value should follow SQL syntax: comma separated list of
fields. For example: "parent,resource_name". The following fields are supported:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
resource_name
.IP "\(em" 2m
category
.IP "\(em" 2m
state
.IP "\(em" 2m
parent
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Maximum number of results to return in a single response. Default is 10, minimum
is 1, maximum is 1000.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
Response objects will return a non\-null value for page\-token to indicate that
there is at least one additional page of data. User can either directly request
that page by specifying the page\-token explicitly or let gcloud fetch
one\-page\-at\-a\-time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR
Time used as a reference point when filtering findings. The filter is limited to
findings existing at the supplied time and their values are those at that
specific time. For example. 2019\-02\-28T07:00:00Z. Absence of this field will
default to the API's version of NOW.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR; default="\-"
Source id. Defaults to all sources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Group findings under organization 123456 across all sources by their category:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings group 123456 \-\-group\-by "category"
.RE

Group findings under organization 123456 and source 5678, by their category:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings group 123456 \-\-source 5678 \e
    \-\-group\-by "category"
.RE

Group ACTIVE findings under organization 123456 and source 5678, by their
category:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings group 123456 \-\-source 5678 \e
    \-\-group\-by "category" \-\-filter "state=\e"ACTIVE\e""
.RE

Group ACTIVE findings under organization 123456 and source 5678, on
2019\-01\-01T01:00:00 GMT, by their category:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings group 123456 \-\-source 5678 \e
    \-\-group\-by "category" \e
    \-\-filter "state=\e"ACTIVE\e"" \-\-read\-time "2019\-01\-01T01:00:00Z"
.RE

Group findings under organization 123456 and source 5678 into following 3
state_changes (ADDED/CHANGED/UNCHANGED) based on the activity during past 24
hours:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc findings group 123456 \-\-source 5678 \e
    \-\-group\-by "state_change" \-\-compare\-duration 86400s
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc findings group
$ gcloud beta scc findings group
.RE

