
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_KMS_KEYRINGS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a kms keyring



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIKEYRING\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a kms keyring. A binding
consists of at least one member, a role, and an optional condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Keyring resource \- The keyring to add the IAM policy binding. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [keyring] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEYRING\fR
ID of the keyring or fully qualified identifier for the keyring. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

The condition of the binding to be added. When the condition is explicitly
specified as \f5None\fR (\f5\-\-condition=None\fR), a binding without a
condition is added. When the condition is specified and is not \f5None\fR,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) A short string describing the purpose of the expression.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Additional description for the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudkms/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/kms/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the keyring fellowship with location global, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding fellowship \e
    \-\-location='global' \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2018 for the
role of 'roles/cloudkms.signer' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on the
keyring fellowship and location global, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding fellowship \e
    \-\-location='global' \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/cloudkms.signer' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha kms keyrings add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

