
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DNS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dns \- manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones and record\-sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dns\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud dns command group lets you create and manage DNS zones
and their associated records on Google Cloud DNS.

Cloud DNS is a scalable, reliable and managed authoritative DNS service running
on the same infrastructure as Google. It has low latency, high availability and
is a cost\-effective way to make your applications and services available to
your users.

More information on Cloud DNS can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/dns
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/dns/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBactive\-peering\-zones\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS active\-peering\-zones.

.TP 2m
\fBdns\-keys\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud DNS DNSKEY records.

.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\-zones\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS operations.

.TP 2m
\fBpolicies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS policies.

.TP 2m
\fBproject\-info\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View Cloud DNS related information for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBrecord\-sets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to create and maintain managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones \-\-help
.RE

To see how to maintain the record\-sets within a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets \-\-help
.RE

To display Cloud DNS related information for your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns project\-info describe \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns
$ gcloud beta dns
.RE

