
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_DECRYPT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms decrypt \- decrypt a ciphertext file using a Cloud KMS key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms decrypt\fR \fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR \fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR=\fIADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATED_DATA_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha kms decrypt decrypts the given ciphertext file using
the given Cloud KMS key and writes the result to the named plaintext file. Note
that to permit users to decrypt using a key, they must be have at least one of
the following IAM roles for that key: \f5roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyDecrypter\fR,
\f5roles/cloudkms.cryptoKeyEncrypterDecrypter\fR.

Additional authenticated data (AAD) is used as an additional check by Cloud KMS
to authenticate a decryption request. If an additional authenticated data file
is provided, its contents must match the additional authenticated data provided
during encryption and must not be larger than 64KiB. If you don't provide a
value for \f5\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR, an empty string is
used. For a thorough explanation of AAD, refer to this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/additional\-authenticated\-data

If \f5\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR or \f5\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR
is set to '\-', that file is read from stdin. Note that both files cannot be
read from stdin. Similarly, if \f5\-\-plaintext\-file\fR is set to '\-', the
decrypted plaintext is written to stdout.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR
File path of the ciphertext file to decrypt.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR
File path of the plaintext file to output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file\fR=\fIADDITIONAL_AUTHENTICATED_DATA_FILE\fR
File path to the optional file containing the additional authenticated data.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
Cloud KMS key to use for decryption.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To decrypt the file 'path/to/ciphertext' using the key \f5frodo\fR with key ring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5global\fR and write the plaintext to
\'path/to/plaintext.dec', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms decrypt \e
    \-\-key=frodo \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-ciphertext\-file=path/to/input/ciphertext \e
    \-\-plaintext\-file=path/to/output/plaintext.dec
.RE

To decrypt the file 'path/to/ciphertext' using the key \f5frodo\fR and the
additional authenticated data that was used to encrypt the ciphertext, and write
the decrypted plaintext to stdout, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms decrypt \e
    \-\-key=frodo \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-additional\-authenticated\-data\-file=path/to/aad \e
    \-\-ciphertext\-file=path/to/input/ciphertext \e
    \-\-plaintext\-file='\-'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms decrypt
$ gcloud beta kms decrypt
.RE

