
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EVENTARC_ATTRIBUTES_METHOD\-NAMES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta eventarc attributes method\-names list \- list values for the methodName CloudEvents attribute



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta eventarc attributes method\-names list\fR \fB\-\-service\-name\fR=\fISERVICE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List values for the methodName CloudEvents attribute.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-name\fR=\fISERVICE_NAME\fR
The value of the serviceName CloudEvents attribute.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
The event type.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list methodName values for event type
\f5\fIgoogle.cloud.audit.log.v1.written\fR\fR and serviceName
\f5\fIstorage.googleapis.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta eventarc attributes method\-names list \e
     \-\-type=google.cloud.audit.log.v1.written \e
     \-\-service\-name=storage.googleapis.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

