
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_BACKUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable backups \- manage Cloud Bigtable backups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable backups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Bigtable backups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a backup of a Cloud Bigtable table.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing backup.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieves information about a backup.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing Bigtable backups.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable Backup.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a backup, only supported for the following fields:
\-\-expiration\-date and \-\-retention\-period.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable backups
$ gcloud beta bigtable backups
.RE

