
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN_SSH\-KEYS_REMOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove \- remove an SSH public key from an OS Login profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove\fR (\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove\fR accepts either a string
containing an SSH public key or a filename for an SSH public key and removes
that key from the user's OS Login profile. The key value used can either be the
full SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint for that key.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The SSH public key to remove from the OS Login Profile. Key value can either be
the SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing an SSH public key to remove from the OS Login
Profile. Key value can either be the SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the
key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove the key that is stored in \f5/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa.pub\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove \e
    \-\-key\-file=/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
.RE

To remove the key with fingerprint
\'e0d96d6fad35a61a0577f467940509b5aa08b6dea8d99456ec19a6e47126bc52', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove \e
    \-\-key='e0d96d6fad35a61a0577f467940509b5aa08b6dea8d99456ec19a6e47\e
126bc52'
.RE

To remove the SSH public key
\'AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAAB...ZrPg+DZJIwPab2wPlveLh+ut1Lxs5QTR/9QfEa7', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove \e
    \-\-key='AAAAB3NzaC1yc2EAAAADAQABAAAB...ZrPg+DZJIwPab2wPlveLh+ut1L\e
xs5QTR/9QfEa7'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove
$ gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove
.RE

