
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_PRODUCTS_REFERENCE\-IMAGES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml products reference\-images describe \- describe a Cloud Product Search ReferenceImage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml products reference\-images describe\fR (\fIREFERENCE_IMAGE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-catalog\fR=\fICATALOG\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command describes a Cloud Product Search ReferenceImage.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Reference image resource \- The reference\-image to describe. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREFERENCE_IMAGE\fR
The ID of the reference_image or a fully qualified identifier for the
reference_image. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments
in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-catalog\fR=\fICATALOG\fR
The catalog of the reference_image.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

