
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TPUS_ACCELERATOR\-TYPES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute tpus accelerator\-types describe \- describe an accelerator type available for Cloud TPUs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute tpus accelerator\-types describe\fR (\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Get details on an accelerator type.

To get a list of available accelerator types for your location run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus accelerator\-types list
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Accelerator type resource \- The accelerator type you want to describe. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[accelerator_type] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR
ID of the accelerator_type or fully qualified identifier for the
accelerator_type. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus accelerator\-types describe
$ gcloud beta compute tpus accelerator\-types describe
.RE

