
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_CERTIFICATES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates create \- create a certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates create\fR \fICERTIFICATE\fR (\fB\-\-certificate\-file\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_FILE\fR\ \fB\-\-private\-key\-file\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command creates a certificate.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate resource \- The certificate to create. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[certificate] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [certificate] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE\fR
ID of the certificate or fully qualified identifier for the certificate.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Arguments to configure self\-managed certificate data. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-file\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_FILE\fR
The certificate data in PEM\-encoded form. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\-file\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY_FILE\fR
The private key data in PEM\-encoded form. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Text description of a certificate.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a certificate with name simple\-cert, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates create simple\-cert \e
    \-\-certificate\-file=cert.pem
    \-\-private\-key\-file=key.pem
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

