
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_TASKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta tasks \- manage Cloud Tasks queues and tasks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta tasks\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Tasks queues and tasks.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get information about Cloud Tasks locations.

.TP 2m
\fBqueues\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Tasks queues.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-app\-engine\-task\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and add a task that targets App Engine.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-http\-task\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and add a task that targets a HTTP endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a task from a queue.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about a task.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List tasks.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Force a task to run now.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud tasks
$ gcloud alpha tasks
.RE

