
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups unmanaged \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups unmanaged\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance
groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Adds instances to an unmanaged instance group by name.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine unmanaged instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List instances present in the instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-instances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Removes resources from an unmanaged instance group by instance
name.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged
.RE

