
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_HL7V2\-STORES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare hl7v2\-stores set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API HL7v2 store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare hl7v2\-stores set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIHL7V2_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API HL7v2 store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Hl7v2Store resource \- Cloud Healthcare API HL7v2 store whose IAM policy to set.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[hl7v2_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIHL7V2_STORE\fR
ID of the hl7v2Store or fully qualified identifier for the hl7v2Store. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the HL7v2 store 'test\-hl7v2\-store':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare hl7v2\-stores set\-iam\-policy \e
    test\-hl7v2\-store policy.json \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare hl7v2\-stores set\-iam\-policy
.RE

