
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_PLUGINS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments storage plugins export \- export plugins from an environment into local storage or Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments storage plugins export\fR \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR If the SOURCE is a directory, it and its contents are are exported
recursively. If no SOURCE is provided, the entire contents of the environment's
plugins directory will be exported. Colliding files in the DESTINATION will be
overwritten. If a file exists in the DESTINATION but there is no corresponding
file to overwrite it, it is untouched.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
The path to an existing local directory or a Cloud Storage bucket/directory into
which to export files.

.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment from whose Cloud Storage bucket to
export plugins.. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-environment] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
An optional relative path to a file or directory to be exported from the
plugins/ subdirectory in the environment's Cloud Storage bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Suppose the environment \f5myenv\fR's Cloud Storage bucket has the following
structure:

.RS 2m
gs://the\-bucket
|
+\-\- plugins
|   |
|   +\-\- file1.py
|   +\-\- file2.py
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.py
|   |   +\-\- file4.py
.RE

And the local directory '/foo' has the following structure:

.RS 2m
/foo
|
+\-\- file1.py
+\-\- fileX.py
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.py
|   |   +\-\- fileY.py
.RE

The following command:

.RS 2m
gcloud beta composer environments storage plugins export myenv \-\-destination /foo
.RE

would result in the following structure in the local '/foo' directory:

.RS 2m
/foo
|
+\-\- file1.py
+\-\- file2.py
+\-\- fileX.py
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.py
|   |   +\-\- file4.py
|   |   +\-\- fileY.py
.RE

The local files '/foo/file1.py' and '/foo/subdir1/file3.py' will be overwritten
with the contents of the corresponding files in the Cloud Storage bucket.

If instead we had run

.RS 2m
gcloud beta composer environments storage plugins export myenv file2.py subdir1/file3.py \-\-destination /foo
.RE

the resulting local directory structure would be the following:

.RS 2m
/foo
|
+\-\- file1.py
+\-\- file3.py
+\-\- fileX.py
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.py
|   |   +\-\- fileY.py
.RE

No local files would be overwritten since
\'gs://the\-bucket/dags/subdir1/file3.py' was written to '/foo/file3.py' instead
of 'foo/subdir1/file3.py'.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments storage plugins export
$ gcloud alpha composer environments storage plugins export
.RE

