
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_API\-GATEWAY_APIS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta api\-gateway apis delete \- deletes an API



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta api\-gateway apis delete\fR \fIAPI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes an API.

NOTE: All API configs belonging to the API will need to be deleted before the
API can be deleted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Api resource \- Name for API which will be deleted. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [api]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the
[location] attribute: provide the argument [api] on the command line with a
fully specified name; Location for API and API Configs. Defaults to global. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPI\fR
ID of the api or fully qualified identifier for the api.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an API 'my\-api', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway apis delete my\-api
.RE

NOTE: All API configs belonging to the API will need to be deleted before the
API can be deleted.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis delete
.RE

