
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_CONSENT\-STORES_QUERY\-ACCESSIBLE\-DATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores query\-accessible\-data \- queries all accessible data IDs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores query\-accessible\-data\fR (\fICONSENT_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-request\-attributes\fR=[\fIREQUEST_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-resource\-attributes\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Queries all data IDs that are consented for a given use in the
given Cloud Healthcare API consent store and writes them to a specified
destination.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

ConsentStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API consent store to retrieve user
data mappings from. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [consent_store] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONSENT_STORE\fR
ID of the consentStore or fully qualified identifier for the consentStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR
The Cloud Storage destination for the result file. The Cloud Healthcare API
service account must have the \f5roles/storage.objectAdmin\fR Cloud IAM role for
this Cloud Storage location.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-attributes\fR=[\fIREQUEST_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of request attributes associated with this access request.
Each attribute has the form "KEY=VALUE".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-attributes\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resources attributes associated with the type of data
being requested. Each attribute has the form "KEY=VALUE". If no values are
specified, then all data types are included in the output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To query all data IDs in the consent\-store 'test\-consent\-store' that can be
used given request attributes {"organization":"admins", "use_case":"research"}
and resource attributes {"anonymity":"identified"}, and write the result file to
"gs://test\-bucket/folder", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores query\-accessible\-data \e
    test\-consent\-store \-\-gcs\-uri=gs://test\-bucket/folder \e
    \-\-request\-attributes=organization=admins,use_case=research \e
    \-\-resource\-attributes=anonymity=identified \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

