
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCHEDULER_JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scheduler jobs describe \- show details about a job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scheduler jobs describe\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The job you want to show details for. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [job]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the
[location] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line with a
fully specified name; as the location of the current project's App Engine App.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudscheduler/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scheduler jobs describe
.RE

