
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATASTORE_OPERATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha datastore operations \- manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Datastore



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha datastore operations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Datastore.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a currently\-running Cloud Datastore admin operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a completed Cloud Datastore admin operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieves information about a Cloud Datastore admin operation.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List pending Cloud Datastore admin operations and their status.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore operations
$ gcloud beta datastore operations
.RE

