
.TH "GCLOUD_RUN_SERVICES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud run services set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud run services set\-iam\-policy\fR \fISERVICE\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command replaces the existing IAM policy for a service, given a service and
a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy. If the given policy
file specifies an "etag" value, then the replacement will succeed only if the
policy already in place matches that etag. (An etag obtain via
\f5get\-iam\-policy\fR will prevent the replacement if the policy for the
service has been subsequently updated.) A policy file that does not contain an
etag value will replace any existing policy for the service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The service for which to set the IAM policy. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [service] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
To set the [region] attribute: provide the argument [service] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-region] on the
command line; set the property [run/region]; specify from a list of available
regions in a prompt. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Cloud. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR and
\f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Arguments to locate resources, depending on the platform used. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\f5\-\-platform=managed\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrun/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/run/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a service with identifier 'my\-service'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run services set\-iam\-policy \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
    my\-service policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run services set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta run services set\-iam\-policy
.RE

