
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DRY\-RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run \- enable management of dry\-run mode configuration for Service Perimeters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR A Service Perimeter describes a set of Google Cloud Platform.RS 2m
resources which can freely import and export data amongst themselves,
but not externally, by default.

.RE

.RS 2m
A dry\-run mode configuration (also known as the Service Perimeter
`spec`) makes it possible to understand the impact of any changes to a
VPC Service Controls policy change before committing the change to the
enforcement mode configuration.
.RE

.RS 2m
Note: For Service Perimeters without an explicit dry\-run mode
configuration, the enforcement mode configuration is used as the dry\-run
mode configuration, resulting in no audit logs being generated.
.RE



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcommit\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Commit the dry\-run mode configuration for all
Service Perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a dry\-run mode configuration for a new or existing Service
Perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Mark the Service Perimeter as deleted in the dry\-run mode.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdrop\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Reset the dry\-run mode configuration of a Service Perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBenforce\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Enforces a Service Perimeter's dry\-run configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBenforce\-all\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Enforces the dry\-run mode configuration for all Service
Perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List the effective dry\-run configuration across all Service
Perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Reset the dry\-run mode configuration of a
Service Perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run
.RE

