
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy binding for a secret



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets set\-iam\-policy\fR \fISECRET\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given secret as defined in a JSON or
YAML file.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Secret resource \- Name of the secret for which to set the IAM policy. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [secret] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECRET\fR
ID of the secret or fully qualified identifier for the secret.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecretmanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/secret\-manager/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the secret 'my\-secret':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets set\-iam\-policy my\-secret policy.json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets set\-iam\-policy
.RE

