
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups create \- create a new group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups create\fR \fIEMAIL\fR \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-dynamic\-user\-query\fR=\fIDYNAMIC_USER_QUERY\fR] [\fB\-\-posix\-group\fR=\fIPOSIX_GROUP\fR] [\fB\-\-with\-initial\-owner\fR=\fIWITH_INITIAL_OWNER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIEMAIL\fR
The email address of the group to be created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR
Labels for group resource. Example of labels "\-\-labels
cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization the Group being created belongs to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An extended description to help users determine the purpose of a Group. For
example, you can include information about who should join the Group, the types
of messages to send to the Group, links to FAQs about the Group, or related
Groups. Maximum length is 4,096 characters.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The Group's display name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dynamic\-user\-query\fR=\fIDYNAMIC_USER_QUERY\fR
Query that determines the memberships of the dynamic group.

Example of a query:
\-\-dynamic\-user\-query="user.organizations.exists(org,org.title=='SWE')"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-posix\-group\fR=\fIPOSIX_GROUP\fR
Group id (gid) and name of the POSIX group that you want to associate with the
specified Cloud Identity group. You can specify multiple POSIX groups with
multiple instances of this flag.

For example, use '\-\-posix\-group=gid=1005,name=eng' to add a single group, or
\'\-\-posix\-group=gid=1005,name=eng \-\-posix\-group=gid=1006,name=docs' to add
multiple groups.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-with\-initial\-owner\fR=\fIWITH_INITIAL_OWNER\fR
If specified the user making the request will be added as the initial owner of
the group being created. \fIWITH_INITIAL_OWNER\fR must be one of:
\fBinitial\-group\-config\-unspecified\fR, \fBwith\-initial\-owner\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups create eng\-discuss@foo.com  \e
    \-\-organization="5149234212"  \e
    \-\-with\-initial\-owner=WITH_INITIAL_OWNER  \e
    \-\-display\-name="Engineer Discuss"  \e
    \-\-description="Group for engineering discussions"  \e
    \-\-labels="cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups create
$ gcloud beta identity groups create
.RE

