
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DNS_MANAGED\-ZONES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones \- manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones. See Managing Zones
(https://cloud.google.com/dns/zones/) for details.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an empty Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View the details of a Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View the list of all your managed\-zones.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing Cloud DNS managed\-zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones create my_zone \e
    \-\-description="My Zone" \-\-dns\-name="my.zone.com."
.RE

To delete a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones delete my_zone
.RE

To view the details of a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones describe my_zone
.RE

To see the list of all managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones
.RE

