
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SOURCE_REPOS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha source repos update \- update the configuration of a Cloud Source Repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha source repos update\fR \fIREPO\fR ((\fB\-\-add\-topic\fR=\fIADD_TOPIC\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-topic\fR=\fIREMOVE_TOPIC\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-topic\fR=\fIUPDATE_TOPIC\fR)\ :\ \fB\-\-message\-format\fR=\fIMESSAGE_FORMAT\fR\ \fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the configuration of a Cloud Source Repository.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repo resource \- Name of the Cloud Source repository to update. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [repo] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPO\fR
ID of the repo or fully qualified identifier for the repo.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Manages Cloud Pub/Sub topics associated with the repository. At least one of
these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-format\fR=\fIMESSAGE_FORMAT\fR
The format of the message to publish to the topic. \fIMESSAGE_FORMAT\fR must be
one of: \fBjson\fR, \fBprotobuf\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
Email address of the service account used for publishing Cloud Pub/Sub messages.
This service account needs to be in the same project as the repo. When added,
the caller needs to have iam.serviceAccounts.actAs permission on this service
account. If unspecified, it defaults to the Compute Engine default service
account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR
Cloud project for the topic. If not set, the currently set project will be used.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The Cloud Pub/Sub topic to add to the repository. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-add\-topic] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-topic\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-topic\fR=\fIADD_TOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The Cloud Pub/Sub topic to remove from the repository. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-remove\-topic] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-topic\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-topic\fR=\fIREMOVE_TOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- The Cloud Pub/Sub topic to update in the project. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-update\-topic] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-topic\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-topic\fR=\fIUPDATE_TOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud source repos update
$ gcloud beta source repos update
.RE

