
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_SUBNETS_LIST\-USABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container subnets list\-usable \- list subnets usable for cluster creation in a specific project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container subnets list\-usable\fR [\fB\-\-network\-project\fR=\fINETWORK_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Usability of subnetworks for cluster creation is dependent on the
IAM policy of the project's Google Kubernetes Engine Service Account. Use the
\f5\-\-project\fR flag to evaluate subnet usability in different projects. This
list may differ from the list returned by Google Compute Engine's
\f5list\-usable\fR command, which returns subnets only usable by the caller.

To show subnetworks shared from a Shared\-VPC host project, use
\f5\-\-network\-project\fR to specify the project that owns the subnetworks.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-project\fR=\fINETWORK_PROJECT\fR
The project owning the subnetworks returned. This field is translated into the
expression \f5networkProjectId=[PROJECT_ID]\fR and ANDed to the \f5\-\-filter\fR
flag value.

Defaults to the \fB\-\-project\fR value.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all subnetworks usable for cluster creation in project \f5my\-project\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container subnets list\-usable \e
  \-\-project=my\-project
.RE

List all subnetworks existing in project \f5my\-shared\-host\-project\fR usable
for cluster creation in project \f5my\-service\-project\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container subnets list\-usable \e
   \-\-project=my\-service\-project \e
   \-\-network\-project=my\-shared\-host\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container subnets list\-usable
$ gcloud alpha container subnets list\-usable
.RE

