
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MEMCACHE_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha memcache instances create \- create a Memorystore Memcached instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha memcache instances create\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR \fB\-\-node\-cpu\fR=\fINODE_CPU\fR \fB\-\-node\-memory\fR=\fINODE_MEMORY\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-network\fR=\fIAUTHORIZED_NETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-memcached\-version\fR=\fIMEMCACHED_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-parameters\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Memorystore Memcached instance with the given name.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memcached instance you
want to create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Memcached region of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR
Number of memcache nodes in this instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-cpu\fR=\fINODE_CPU\fR
Number of cpus per node in this instance. Valid values are 1 or even number
between 2\-16.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-memory\fR=\fINODE_MEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired per node. The value
must be a whole number followed by a size unit of 'MB' for megabyte, or 'GB' for
gigabyte, ie '3072MB' or '9GB'. The value must be between 1,024MB and 307,200MB.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-network\fR=\fIAUTHORIZED_NETWORK\fR
The full name of the Google Compute Engine network to which the instance is
connected. If unspecified, the default network will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
An arbitrary and optional user provided name for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memcached\-version\fR=\fIMEMCACHED_VERSION\fR
Optional major version of Memcached software to use with the instance. If not
provided, default of "1.5" will be used. \fIMEMCACHED_VERSION\fR must be
(currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB1.5\fR
Memcached major version 1.5
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parameters\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
User defined parameters to apply to the memcached process on each node. Possible
attributes include:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlisten\-backlog\fR
The backlog queue limit for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-flush\-all\fR
If enabled, flush_all command will be disabled. Applicable to 1.4.24 and higher.

.TP 2m
\fBmax\-item\-size\fR
Max bytes of the instnace. Must at least be equal to slab_chunk_max (which
defaults to 524288 bytes) and less than 134217728 bytes. Additionally it must be
a multiple of slab_chunk_max.

.TP 2m
\fBslab\-min\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [1, 1024].

.TP 2m
\fBslab\-growth\-factor\fR
This is a float in the range [1.01, 100].

.TP 2m
\fBprotocol\fR
This is an enum with acceptable values of ["ascii", "auto"].

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-cas\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-evictions\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBmax\-reqs\-per\-event\fR
This is an integer in the range [1, 1000].

.TP 2m
\fBtrack\-sizes\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBworker\-logbuf\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [48, 524288].

.TP 2m
\fBwatcher\-logbuf\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [0, 2097151].

.TP 2m
\fBlru\-crawler\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBidle\-timeout\fR
This is an integer in the range [1,86400].

.TP 2m
\fBlru\-maintainer\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBmaxconns\-fast\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBhash\-algorithm\fR
This is an enum with accepted values of ["jenkins", "murmur3"].
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONES\fR,...]
List of zones for the memcache nodes. The nodes will be divided equally across
the given zones up to \-\-node\-count value. If not provided, the service will
by default create nodes in all zones in the region specified by \-\-region flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmemcache/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a Memcached instance with the name
\'my\-memcache\-instance' in region 'us\-central1' using a non default network,
requesting 3 nodes each with 2 CPUs and 2GB of RAM.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache instances create my\-memcache\-instance \e
    \-\-display\-name="Example MC Instance" \e
    \-\-authorized\-network=projects/project1/global/networks/network_mc \e
    \-\-node\-count=3 \-\-node\-cpu=2 \-\-node\-memory=2GB \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache instances create
.RE

