
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS_QUEUES_CREATE\-APP\-ENGINE\-QUEUE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks queues create\-app\-engine\-queue \- create an App Engine queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks queues create\-app\-engine\-queue\fR \fIAPP_ENGINE_QUEUE_ID\fR [\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-concurrent\-tasks\fR=\fIMAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-tasks\-dispatched\-per\-second\fR=\fIMAX_TASKS_DISPATCHED_PER_SECOND\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR] [\fB\-\-routing\-override\fR=\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR An App Engine queue is a push queue sent to an App Engine
endpoint. The flags available to this command represent the fields of an App
Engine queue that are mutable.

For more information about the different queue target types, see:
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-tasks/docs/queue\-types



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPP_ENGINE_QUEUE_ID\fR
ID of the App Engine queue to create.



.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR
The maximum number of attempts per task in the queue.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR
The maximum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it fails. Must
be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-concurrent\-tasks\fR=\fIMAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS\fR
The maximum number of concurrent tasks that Cloud Tasks allows to be dispatched
for this queue. After this threshold has been reached, Cloud Tasks stops
dispatching tasks until the number of outstanding requests decreases.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR
The maximum number of times that the interval between failed task retries will
be doubled before the increase becomes constant. The constant is: min\-backoff *
2 ** (max\-doublings \- 1).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR
The time limit for retrying a failed task, measured from when the task was first
run. Once the \f5\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR time has passed and the task has
been attempted \-\-max\-attempts times, no further attempts will be made and the
task will be deleted.

Must be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-tasks\-dispatched\-per\-second\fR=\fIMAX_TASKS_DISPATCHED_PER_SECOND\fR
The maximum rate at which tasks are dispatched from this queue. This also
determines "max burst size" for App Engine queues: if
\f5\-\-max\-tasks\-dispatched\-per\-second\fR is 1, then max burst size is 10;
otherwise it is \f5max\-tasks\-dispatched\-per\-second\fR / 5.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR
The minimum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it fails. Must
be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-routing\-override\fR=\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,...]
If provided, the specified route is used for all tasks in the queue, no matter
what is set is at the task\-level.

KEY must be at least one of: [service, version, instance]. Any missing keys will
use the default.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

