
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_SUBORDINATES_ACTIVATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca subordinates activate \- activate a subordinate certificate authority in a pending state



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca subordinates activate\fR (\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-pem\-chain\fR=\fIPEM_CHAIN\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY resource \- The certificate authority to activate. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY or fully qualified identifier for the
CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. Alternatively, you can set the
property [privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pem\-chain\fR=\fIPEM_CHAIN\fR
A file containing a list of PEM\-encoded certificates, starting with the current
CA certificate and ending with the root CA certificate.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To activate a subordinate CA named 'server\-tls\-1' in the location 'us' using a
PEM certificate chain in 'chain.crt':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates activate server\-tls\-1 \e
  \-\-location=us \e
  \-\-pem\-chain=./chain.crt
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

