
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container clusters create \- create a cluster for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container clusters create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]] [\fB\-\-allow\-route\-overlap\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fICLUSTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-secondary\-range\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-version\fR=\fICLUSTER_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-create\-subnetwork\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-autorepair\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-autoupgrade\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-ip\-alias\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-kubernetes\-alpha\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-legacy\-authorization\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-network\-policy\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-pod\-security\-policy\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-issue\-client\-certificate\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-local\-ssd\-count\fR=\fILOCAL_SSD_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR,\ \fB\-m\fR\ \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool\fR=\fIMAX_NODES_PER_POOL\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-labels\fR=[\fINODE_LABEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-node\-taints\fR=[\fINODE_TAINT\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-node\-version\fR=\fINODE_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR;\ default=3] [\fB\-\-preemptible\fR] [\fB\-\-services\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fICIDR\fR] [\fB\-\-services\-secondary\-range\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-workload\-metadata\-from\-node\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_METADATA_FROM_NODE\fR] [\fB\-\-additional\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-node\-locations\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-addons\fR=[\fIADDON\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-disable\-addons\fR=[\fIDISABLE_ADDON\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-enable\-autoscaling\fR\ \fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR=\fIMAX_NODES\fR\ \fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR=\fIMIN_NODES\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-master\-authorized\-networks\fR\ \fB\-\-master\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-master\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fIMASTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR\ \fB\-\-private\-cluster\fR] [\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR\ \fB\-\-no\-enable\-basic\-auth\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR,\ \fB\-u\fR\ \fIUSERNAME\fR;\ default="admin"] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR\ \fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...];\ default="gke\-default"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a cluster for running containers.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of this cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],...]
Attaches accelerators (e.g. GPUs) to all nodes.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
(Required) The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of
accelerator to attach to the instances. Use \f5gcloud compute accelerator\-types
list\fR to learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
(Optional) The number of accelerators to attach to the instances. The default
value is 1.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\-route\-overlap\fR
Allows the provided cluster CIDRs to overlap with existing routes that are less
specific and do not terminate at a VM.

When enabled, \f5\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR must be fully specified (e.g.
\f510.96.0.0/14\fR , but not \f5/14\fR). If \f5\-\-enable\-ip\-alias\fR is also
specified, both \f5\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR and \f5\-\-services\-ipv4\-cidr\fR
must be fully specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Don't wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fICLUSTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR
The IP address range for the pods in this cluster in CIDR notation (e.g.
10.0.0.0/14). Prior to Kubernetes version 1.7.0 this must be a subset of
10.0.0.0/8; however, starting with version 1.7.0 can be any RFC 1918 IP range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-secondary\-range\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Set the secondary range to be used as the source for pod IPs. Alias ranges will
be allocated from this secondary range. NAME must be the name of an existing
secondary range in the cluster subnetwork.

Must be used in conjunction with '\-\-enable\-ip\-alias'. Cannot be used with
\-\-create\-subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-version\fR=\fICLUSTER_VERSION\fR
The Kubernetes version to use for the master and nodes. Defaults to
server\-specified.

The default Kubernetes version is available using the following command.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-create\-subnetwork\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Create a new subnetwork for the cluster. The name and range of the subnetwork
can be customized via optional 'name' and 'range' key\-value pairs.

\'name' specifies the name of the subnetwork to be created.

\'range' specifies the IP range for the new subnetwork. This can either be a
netmask size (e.g. '/20') or a CIDR range (e.g. '10.0.0.0/20'). If a netmask
size is specified, the IP is automatically taken from the free space in the
cluster's network.

Examples:

Create a new subnetwork with a default name and size.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create \-\-create\-subnetwork ""
.RE

Create a new subnetwork named "my\-subnet" with netmask of size 21.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create \e
\-\-create\-subnetwork name=my\-subnet,range=/21
.RE

Create a new subnetwork with a default name with the primary range of
10.100.0.0/16.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create \e
\-\-create\-subnetwork range=10.100.0.0/16
.RE

Create a new subnetwork with the name "my\-subnet" with a default range.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create \e
\-\-create\-subnetwork name=my\-subnet
.RE

Can not be specified unless '\-\-enable\-ip\-alias' is also specified. Can not
be used in conjunction with the '\-\-subnetwork' option.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR
Size in GB for node VM boot disks. Defaults to 100GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-autorepair\fR
Sets autorepair feature for a cluster's default node\-pool(s).

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-enable\-autorepair
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/node\-auto\-repair for more
info.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-autoupgrade\fR
Sets autoupgrade feature for a cluster's default node\-pool(s).

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-enable\-autoupgrade
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/node\-managament for more
info.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR
Automatically send logs from the cluster to the Google Cloud Logging API.
Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-logging\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR
Automatically send metrics from pods in the cluster to the Google Cloud
Monitoring API. VM metrics will be collected by Google Compute Engine regardless
of this setting. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring\fR
to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-ip\-alias\fR
Enable use of alias IPs (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/alias\-ip/) for
pod IPs. This will create two new subnetworks, one for the instance and pod IPs,
and another to reserve space for the services range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-kubernetes\-alpha\fR
Enable Kubernetes alpha features on this cluster. Selecting this option will
result in the cluster having all Kubernetes alpha API groups and features turned
on. Cluster upgrades (both manual and automatic) will be disabled and the
cluster will be automatically deleted after 30 days.

Alpha clusters are not covered by the Kubernetes Engine SLA and should not be
used for production workloads.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-legacy\-authorization\fR
Enables the legacy ABAC authentication for the cluster. User rights are granted
through the use of policies which combine attributes together. For a detailed
look at these properties and related formats, see
https://kubernetes.io/docs/admin/authorization/abac/. To use RBAC permissions
instead, create or update your cluster with the option
\f5\-\-no\-enable\-legacy\-authorization\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-network\-policy\fR
Enable network policy enforcement for this cluster. If you are enabling network
policy on an existing cluster the network policy addon must first be enabled on
the master by using \-\-update\-addons=NetworkPolicy=ENABLED flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-pod\-security\-policy\fR
Enables the pod security policy admission controller for the cluster. The pod
security policy admission controller adds fine\-grained pod create and update
authorization controls through the PodSecurityPolicy API objects. For more
information, see
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/how\-to/pod\-security\-policies.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-type\fR=\fIIMAGE_TYPE\fR
The image type to use for the cluster. Defaults to server\-specified.

Image Type specifies the base OS that the nodes in the cluster will run on. If
an image type is specified, that will be assigned to the cluster and all future
upgrades will use the specified image type. If it is not specified the server
will pick the default image type.

The default image type and the list of valid image types are available using the
following command.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issue\-client\-certificate\fR
Issue a TLS client certificate with admin permissions.

When enabled, the certificate and private key pair will be present in MasterAuth
field of the Cluster object.

Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-issue\-client\-certificate\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Labels to apply to the Google Cloud resources in use by the Kubernetes Engine
cluster. These are unrelated to Kubernetes labels. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-labels=label_a=value1,label_b=,label_c=value3
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-ssd\-count\fR=\fILOCAL_SSD_COUNT\fR
The number of local SSD disks to provision on each node.

Local SSDs have a fixed 375 GB capacity per device. The number of disks that can
be attached to an instance is limited by the maximum number of disks available
on a machine, which differs by compute zone. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/local\-ssd for more information.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR, \fB\-m\fR \fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for nodes. Defaults to n1\-standard\-1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW\fR
Set a time of day when you prefer maintenance to start on this cluster. For
example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-maintenance\-window=12:43
.RE

The time corresponds to the UTC time zone, and must be in HH:MM format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool\fR=\fIMAX_NODES_PER_POOL\fR
The maximum number of nodes to allocate per default initial node pool.
Kubernetes Engine will automatically create enough nodes pools such that each
node pool contains less than \-\-max\-nodes\-per\-pool nodes. Defaults to 1000
nodes, but can be set as low as 100 nodes per pool on initial create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the nodes for the new cluster's default node pool will be
scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture or a newer one.

Examples: $ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
\-\-min\-cpu\-platform=PLATFORM

To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute zones describe ZONE \e
    \-\-format="value(availableCpuPlatforms)"
.RE

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The Compute Engine Network that the cluster will connect to. Google Kubernetes
Engine will use this network when creating routes and firewalls for the
clusters. Defaults to the 'default' network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-labels\fR=[\fINODE_LABEL\fR,...]
Applies the given kubernetes labels on all nodes in the new node\-pool. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-node\-labels=label\-a=value1,label\-2=value2
.RE

New nodes, including ones created by resize or recreate, will have these labels
on the kubernetes API node object and can be used in nodeSelectors. See
http://kubernetes.io/docs/user\-guide/node\-selection/ for examples.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-taints\fR=[\fINODE_TAINT\fR,...]
Applies the given kubernetes taints on all nodes in default node\-pool(s) in new
cluster, which can be used with tolerations for pod scheduling. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-node\-taints=key1=val1:NoSchedule,key2=val2:PreferNoSchedule
.RE

Note, this feature uses \f5gcloud beta\fR commands. To use gcloud beta commands,
you must configure \f5gcloud\fR to use the v1beta1 API as described here:
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/reference/api\-organization#beta.
To read more about node\-taints, see
https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/node\-taints.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-version\fR=\fINODE_VERSION\fR
The Kubernetes version to use for nodes. Defaults to server\-specified.

The default Kubernetes version is available using the following command.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container get\-server\-config
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR; default=3
The number of nodes to be created in each of the cluster's zones.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\fR
Create nodes using preemptible VM instances in the new cluster.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \-\-preemptible
.RE

New nodes, including ones created by resize or recreate, will use preemptible VM
instances. See https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/preemptible\-vm
for more information on how to use Preemptible VMs with Kubernetes Engine.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-services\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fICIDR\fR
Set the IP range for the services IPs.

Can be specified as a netmask size (e.g. '/20') or as in CIDR notion (e.g.
\'10.100.0.0/20'). If given as a netmask size, the IP range will be chosen
automatically from the available space in the network.

If unspecified, the services CIDR range will use automatic defaults.

Can not be specified unless '\-\-enable\-ip\-alias' is also specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-services\-secondary\-range\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Set the secondary range to be used for services (e.g. ClusterIPs). NAME must be
the name of an existing secondary range in the cluster subnetwork.

Must be used in conjunction with '\-\-enable\-ip\-alias'. Cannot be used with
\-\-create\-subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR
The Google Compute Engine subnetwork
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/subnetworks) to which the cluster is
connected. The subnetwork must belong to the network specified by \-\-network.

Cannot be used with the "\-\-create\-subnetwork" option.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Applies the given Compute Engine tags (comma separated) on all nodes in the new
node\-pool. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-tags=tag1,tag2
.RE

New nodes, including ones created by resize or recreate, will have these tags on
the Compute Engine API instance object and can be used in firewall rules. See
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/compute/firewall\-rules/create for
examples.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workload\-metadata\-from\-node\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_METADATA_FROM_NODE\fR
Sets the node metadata option for workload metadata configuration. This feature
is scheduled to be deprecated in the future and later removed.
\fIWORKLOAD_METADATA_FROM_NODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBEXPOSED\fR
Exposes all VM metadata to workloads.
.TP 2m
\fBSECURE\fR
Prevents workloads not in hostNetwork from accessing certain VM metadata,
specifically kube\-env, which contains Kubelet credentials, and the instance
identity token. This is a temporary security solution available while the
bootstrapping process for cluster nodes is being redesigned with significant
security improvements.
.TP 2m
\fBUNSPECIFIED\fR
Chooses the default.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-additional\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) The set of additional zones in which the specified node footprint
should be replicated. All zones must be in the same region as the cluster's
primary zone. If additional\-zones is not specified, all nodes will be in the
cluster's primary zone.

Note that \f5NUM_NODES\fR nodes will be created in each zone, such that if you
specify \f5\-\-num\-nodes=4\fR and choose one additional zone, 8 nodes will be
created.

Multiple locations can be specified, separated by commas. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-additional\-zones us\-central1\-b,us\-central1\-c
.RE

This flag is deprecated. Use \-\-node\-locations=PRIMARY_ZONE,[ZONE,...]
instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-locations\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
The set of zones in which the specified node footprint should be replicated. All
zones must be in the same region as the cluster's primary zone, specified by the
\-\-zone flag. \-\-node\-locations must contain the primary zone. If
node\-locations is not specified, all nodes will be in the primary zone.

Note that \f5NUM_NODES\fR nodes will be created in each zone, such that if you
specify \f5\-\-num\-nodes=4\fR and choose two locations, 8 nodes will be
created.

Multiple locations can be specified, separated by commas. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-node\-locations us\-central1\-a,us\-central1\-b
.RE

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-addons\fR=[\fIADDON\fR,...]
Default set of addons includes HttpLoadBalancing, HorizontalPodAutoscaling.
Addons
(https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/reference/rest/v1/projects.zones.clusters#AddonsConfig)
are additional Kubernetes cluster components. Addons specified by this flag will
be enabled. The others will be disabled. \fIADDON\fR must be one of:
\fBHttpLoadBalancing\fR, \fBHorizontalPodAutoscaling\fR,
\fBKubernetesDashboard\fR, \fBIstio\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-addons\fR=[\fIDISABLE_ADDON\fR,...]
(REMOVED) List of cluster addons to disable. Options are HttpLoadBalancing,
HorizontalPodAutoscaling, KubernetesDashboard, Istio

Flag disable\-addons has been removed. \fIDISABLE_ADDON\fR must be one of:
\fBHttpLoadBalancing\fR, \fBHorizontalPodAutoscaling\fR,
\fBKubernetesDashboard\fR, \fBIstio\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Cluster autoscaling

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-autoscaling\fR
Enables autoscaling for a node pool.

Enables autoscaling in the node pool specified by \-\-node\-pool or the default
node pool if \-\-node\-pool is not provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR=\fIMAX_NODES\fR
Maximum number of nodes in the node pool.

Maximum number of nodes to which the node pool specified by \-\-node\-pool (or
default node pool if unspecified) can scale. Ignored unless
\-\-enable\-autoscaling is also specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR=\fIMIN_NODES\fR
Minimum number of nodes in the node pool.

Minimum number of nodes to which the node pool specified by \-\-node\-pool (or
default node pool if unspecified) can scale. Ignored unless
\-\-enable\-autoscaling is also specified.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Master Authorized Networks

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-master\-authorized\-networks\fR
Allow only Authorized Networks (specified by the
\f5\-\-master\-authorized\-networks\fR flag) and Google Compute Engine Public
IPs to connect to Kubernetes master through HTTPS. By default public internet
(0.0.0.0/0) is allowed to connect to Kubernetes master through HTTPS.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
The list of external networks (up to 10) that are allowed to connect to
Kubernetes master through HTTPS. Specified in CIDR notation (e.g. 1.2.3.4/30).
Can not be specified unless \f5\-\-enable\-master\-authorized\-networks\fR is
also specified.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Private Clusters

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-ipv4\-cidr\fR=\fIMASTER_IPV4_CIDR\fR
IPv4 CIDR range to use for the master network. This should be a /28 and should
be used in conjunction with the \-\-private\-cluster flag. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-cluster\fR
Cluster is created with no public IP addresses on the cluster nodes. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Basic auth

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
The password to use for cluster auth. Defaults to a server\-specified
randomly\-generated string.

.TP 2m

Options to specify the username. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-basic\-auth\fR
Enable basic (username/password) auth for the cluster.
\f5\-\-enable\-basic\-auth\fR is an alias for \f5\-\-username=admin\fR;
\f5\-\-no\-enable\-basic\-auth\fR is an alias for \f5\-\-username=""\fR. Use
\f5\-\-password\fR to specify a password; if not, the server will randomly
generate one. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-basic\-auth\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR, \fB\-u\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR; default="admin"
The user name to use for basic auth for the cluster. Use \f5\-\-password\fR to
specify a password; if not, the server will randomly generate one.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Options to specify the node identity. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The Google Cloud Platform Service Account to be used by the node VMs. If a
service account is specified, the cloud\-platform scope is used. If no Service
Account is specified, the project default service account is used.

.TP 2m

Scopes options.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR
(REMOVED) Automatically enable Google Cloud Endpoints to take advantage of API
management features by adding service\-control and service\-management scopes.

If \-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints is set, remove service\-control and
service\-management scopes, even if they are implicitly (via default) or
explicitly set via \-\-scopes.

\-\-[no\-]enable\-cloud\-endpoints is not allowed if
container/new_scopes_behavior property is set to true.

Flag \-\-[no\-]enable\-cloud\-endpoints has been removed.

Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]; default="gke\-default"
Specifies scopes for the node instances. The project's default service account
is used. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
  \-\-scopes=https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container clusters create example\-cluster \e
  \-\-scopes=bigquery,storage\-rw,compute\-ro
.RE

Multiple SCOPEs can specified, separated by commas. logging\-write and/or
monitoring are added unless Cloud Logging and/or Cloud Monitoring are disabled
(see \-\-enable\-cloud\-logging and \-\-enable\-cloud\-monitoring for more
info).

Unless container/new_scopes_behavior property is true, compute\-rw and
storage\-ro are always added, even if not explicitly specified, and
\-\-enable\-cloud\-endpoints (by default) adds service\-control and
service\-management scopes.

If container/new_scopes_behavior property is true, none of the above scopes are
added (though storage\-ro, service\-control, and service\-management are all
included in the default scopes. In a future release, this will be the default
behavior.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. Available aliases
are:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
Alias,URI
bigquery,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud\-platform,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform
cloud\-source\-repos,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud\-source\-repos\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
gke\-default,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring\-write,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
pubsub,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
service\-control,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service\-management,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql\-admin,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage\-full,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage\-ro,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage\-rw,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
trace,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
userinfo\-email,https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE


DEPRECATION WARNING: 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice' account scope
and \f5sql\fR alias do not provide SQL instance management capabilities and have
been deprecated. Please, use 'https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin'
or \f5sql\-admin\fR to manage your Google SQL Service instances.



.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters create
$ gcloud alpha container clusters create
.RE

