
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis instances \- manage Cloud Memorystore Redis instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Memorystore Redis instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Redis instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for a Memorystore Redis instance.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export data from a Memorystore Redis instance to Google Cloud
Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBfailover\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Failover a standard tier Cloud Memorystore for Redis instance from
the master node to its replica.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import data to a Memorystore Redis instance from Google Cloud
Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Memorystore Redis instances.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Memorystore Redis instances.

.TP 2m
\fBupgrade\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Upgrade a Memorystore for Redis instance to a specified Redis
version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances create my\-redis\-instance
.RE

To delete an instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances delete my\-redis\-instance
.RE

To display the details for an instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances describe my\-redis\-instance
.RE

To list all the instances, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances list
.RE

To set the label \f5env\fR to \f5prod\fR for an instance with the name
\f5my\-redis\-instance\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-update\-labels=env=prod
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances
$ gcloud beta redis instances
.RE

