
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_SSL\-CERTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql ssl\-certs \- provide commands for managing SSL certificates of Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql ssl\-certs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Provide commands for managing SSL certificates
of Cloud SQL instances.

\f5gcloud sql ssl\-certs\fR is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud sql ssl
client\-certs\fR instead.

Provide commands for managing SSL certificates of Cloud SQL instances, including
creating, deleting, listing, and getting information about certificates.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Creates an SSL certificate for a Cloud SQL
instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Deletes an SSL certificate for a Cloud SQL
instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Retrieves information about an SSL cert for a
Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Lists all SSL certs for a Cloud SQL instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql ssl\-certs
$ gcloud beta sql ssl\-certs
.RE

