
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SECURITY\-POLICIES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute security\-policies import \- import security policy configs into your project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute security\-policies import\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-file\-name\fR=\fIFILE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-file\-format\fR=\fIFILE_FORMAT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import security policy configs into your project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the security policy to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-name\fR=\fIFILE_NAME\fR
The name of the JSON or YAML file to import the security policy config from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-format\fR=\fIFILE_FORMAT\fR
The format of the file to import the security policy config from. Specify either
yaml or json. Defaults to yaml if not specified. \fIFILE_FORMAT\fR must be one
of: \fBjson\fR, \fByaml\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute security\-policies import
$ gcloud beta compute security\-policies import
.RE

