
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILD\-ARTIFACTS_REPOSITORIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories delete \- delete a Cloud Build Artifacts repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories delete\fR \fIREPOSITORY\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Build Artifacts repository. Before you delete a
repository, ensure that any active dependencies on this repository are adjusted
to use a new location.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The specified repository does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete repositories.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Cloud Build Artifacts repository to delete. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [repository] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbuildartifacts/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/build\-artifacts



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete repository named \f5my\-repo\fR under the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha build\-artifacts repositories delete my\-repo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

