
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine models update \- update an existing Cloud ML Engine model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine models update\fR \fIMODEL\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing Cloud ML Engine model.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the model.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models update
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine models update
.RE

