
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run domain\-mappings create \- create domain mappings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run domain\-mappings create\fR \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR (\fB\-\-domain\fR=\fIDOMAIN\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create domain mappings.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Create domain mapping for the given service.

.TP 2m

DomainMapping resource \- Domain name is the ID of DomainMapping resource. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-domain\fR=\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the DomainMapping or fully qualified identifier for the DomainMapping.
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Kubernetes namespace for the
DomainMapping


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Kubernetes
Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [run/cluster] with a fully specified name; specify the
cluster from a list of available clusters with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Zone in which the cluster is
located. Alternatively, set the property [run/cluster_location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Cloud Run domain mapping, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run domain\-mappings create \-\-service myapp \e
  \-\-domain www.example.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run domain\-mappings create
.RE

