
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_GAME_SERVERS_CLUSTERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta game servers clusters update \- update a Game Server Cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta game servers clusters update\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR) \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-preview\-time\fR=\fIPREVIEW_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Game Server Cluster.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update labels for Game Server Cluster 'my\-cluster' in project 'my\-project',
realm 'my\-realm', and location in 'my\-location' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters update my\-cluster \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-realm=my\-realm \-\-location=my\-location \e
    \-\-update\-labels="key1=val1"  \-\-no\-dry\-run
.RE

To preview Game Server Cluster label update for 'my\-cluster' in project
\'my\-project', realm 'my\-realm', and location in 'my\-location' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters update my\-cluster \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-realm=my\-realm \-\-location=my\-location \e
    \-\-update\-labels="key1=val1"  \-\-dry\-run
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Game server cluster resource \- Cloud Game Server Cluster to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the game server cluster or fully qualified identifier for the game server
cluster. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR
Cloud Game Servers Realm.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Validate the changes, but do not execute it.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description for the game server cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\-time\fR=\fIPREVIEW_TIME\fR
This attribute is only relevant for preview (\-\-dry\-run). It is used to
validate the state for a future time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers clusters update
.RE

