
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECOMMENDER_RULES_APPLY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recommender rules apply \- apply a rule, which will set the specified state on all matching recommendations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recommender rules apply\fR \fIRULE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Apply a rule, which will set the specified state on all matching
recommendations.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Rule resource \- The rule to apply. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [rule] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRULE\fR
ID of the rule or fully qualified identifier for the rule.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrecommender/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To apply a rule:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha recommender rules apply abcd\-1234 \e
    \-\-project=project\-name
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

