
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute interconnects \- read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnects



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute interconnects\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Cloud Interconnect connections.

For more information about Cloud Interconnect, see the Cloud Interconnect
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com//network\-connectivity/docs/interconnect/concepts/overview).

See also: Interconnects API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/interconnects).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBattachments\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnect attachments.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnect locations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Compute Engine interconnects.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-diagnostics\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get diagnostics of a Compute Engine interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine interconnects.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine interconnect.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects
.RE

