
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS_QUEUES_CREATE\-PULL\-QUEUE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks queues create\-pull\-queue \- create a pull queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks queues create\-pull\-queue\fR \fIQUEUE\fR [\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The flags available to this command represent the fields of a pull
queue that are mutable.

If you have early access to Cloud Tasks, refer to the following guide for more
information about the different queue target types:
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-tasks/docs/queue\-types. For access, sign up
here: https://goo.gl/Ya0AZd



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUEUE\fR
The queue to create.



.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR
The maximum number of attempts per task in the queue.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR
The time limit for retrying a failed task, measured from when the task was first
run. Once the \f5\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR time has passed and the task has
been attempted \-\-max\-attempts times, no further attempts will be made and the
task will be deleted.

Must be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

