
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN_SSH\-KEYS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys update \- update an SSH public key in an OS Login profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys update\fR \fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR (\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys update\fR will take
either a string containing an SSH public key or a filename for an SSH public key
and will update the key in the user's OS Login profile. Currently, only the
expiration time, \f5\fI\-\-ttl\fR\fR, can be updated.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR
The amount of time before the SSH key expires. For example, specifying
\f5\fI30m\fR\fR will set the expiration time on the SSH key for 30 minutes from
the current time. A value of 0 will result in no expiration time. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The SSH public key to update the OS Login Profile. Key value can either be the
SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing an SSH public key to update the OS Login Profile.
Key value can either be the SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys update
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys update
.RE

