
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTP\-PROXIES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies import \- import a target HTTP proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies import\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Imports a target HTTP proxy's configuration from a file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target HTTP proxy to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a YAML file containing configuration export data. The YAML file must not
contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag to read
from standard input. A schema describing the export/import format can be found
in: $CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/alpha/TargetHttpProxy.yaml.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the target HTTP proxy is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the target HTTP proxy to import. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

A target HTTP proxy can be imported by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies import NAME \e
    \-\-source=<path\-to\-file>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies import
$ gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies import
.RE

