
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee operations describe \- describe an Apigee long running operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Apigee long running operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Operation to be described. To get a list of available
operations, run \f5{parent_command} list\fR. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization containing the operation. If unspecified, the Cloud Platform
project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an operation with UUID
\f5\fIe267d2c8\-04f4\-0000\-b890\-a241de823b0e\fR\fR given that its matching
Cloud Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee operations describe \e
  e267d2c8\-04f4\-0000\-b890\-a241de823b0e
.RE

To describe an operation with UUID
\f5\fIe267d2c8\-04f4\-0000\-b890\-a241de823b0e\fR\fR within an organization
named \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR, formatted as JSON, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee operations describe \e
  e267d2c8\-04f4\-0000\-b890\-a241de823b0e \-\-organization=my\-org \e
  \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

