
.TH "GCLOUD_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_PULL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud pubsub subscriptions pull \- pulls one or more Cloud Pub/Sub messages from a subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud pubsub subscriptions pull\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fB\-\-auto\-ack\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Returns one or more messages from the specified Cloud Pub/Sub subscription, if
there are any messages enqueued.

By default, this command returns only one message from the subscription. Use the
\f5\-\-limit\fR flag to specify the max messages to return.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to pull messages from. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the
property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
The ID of the subscription or a fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-ack\fR
Automatically ACK every message pulled from this subscription.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default=1
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fB1\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions pull
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions pull
.RE

