
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_LOGGING_SINKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta logging sinks create \- creates a sink



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta logging sinks create\fR \fISINK_NAME\fR \fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-include\-children\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a sink used to export entries from one or more logs to a
destination. A sink exports all logs that matches \fB\-\-log\-filter\fR flag. An
empty filter matches all logs. The sink's destination can be a Cloud Storage
bucket, a BigQuery dataset, or a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. The destination must
already exist and Stackdriver Logging must have permission to write to it. Log
entries are exported as soon as the sink is created. See
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/export/configure_export_v2#dest\-auth.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISINK_NAME\fR
The name for the sink.

.TP 2m
\fIDESTINATION\fR
The destination for the sink.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-children\fR
Whether to export logs from all child projects and folders. Only applies to
sinks for organizations and folders.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
A filter expression for the sink. If present, the filter specifies which log
entries to export.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Create a sink associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Create a sink associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Create a sink associated with this organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export all Google Compute Engine logs to BigQuery, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging sinks create my\-bq\-sink \e
    bigquery.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/datasets/\e
my_dataset \-\-log\-filter='resource.type="gce_instance"'
.RE

To export "syslog" from App Engine Flexible to Cloud Storage, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging sinks create my\-gcs\-sink \e
    storage.googleapis.com/my\-bucket \e
    \-\-log\-filter='logName="projects/my\-project/appengine.googleapis.\e
com%2Fsyslog"'
.RE

To export Google App Engine logs with ERROR severity, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging sinks create my\-error\-logs \e
    bigquery.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/datasets/\e
my_dataset \-\-log\-filter='resource.type="gae_app" AND severity=ERROR'
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging sinks create
.RE

