
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_ACK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions ack \- acknowledges one or more messages on the specified subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions ack\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fIACK_ID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Acknowledges one or more messages as having been successfully
received. If a delivered message is not acknowledged within the Subscription's
ack deadline, Cloud Pub/Sub will attempt to deliver it again.

To automatically acknowledge messages when pulling from a Subscription, you can
use the \f5\-\-auto\-ack\fR flag on \f5gcloud pubsub subscriptions pull\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to ACK messages on. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the flag [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
The ID of the subscription or a fully qualified identifier for the subscription.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
[\fIACK_ID\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) One or more ACK_ID to acknowledge.

Positional argument \f5ACK_ID\fR is deprecated. Please use \f5\-\-ack\-ids\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]
One or more ACK_ID to acknowledge.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions ack
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions ack
.RE

