
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_ACCOUNTS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing accounts remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Billing account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing accounts remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIACCOUNT\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy from a Cloud
Billing account. A binding consists of a member and a role.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Account resource \- Name of the Cloud Billing account for which to remove the
IAM policy binding. This represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIACCOUNT\fR
ID of the account or fully qualified identifier for the account.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudbilling/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/billing/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing accounts remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

