
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IMAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute images \- list, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute images\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Google Compute Engine images.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpackages\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List and diff image packages.

.TP 2m
\fBvulnerabilities\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List and describe image vulnerabilities and related notes.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add labels to Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdeprecate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage deprecation status of Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\-from\-family\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe the latest image from an image family.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import an image into Google Compute Engine.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove labels from Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a disk image.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine image.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images
$ gcloud beta compute images
.RE

