
.TH "GCLOUD_FUNCTIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud functions describe \- display details of a Google Cloud Function



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud functions describe\fR (\fINAME\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Display details of a Google Cloud Function.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Function resource \- The Cloud function name to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [NAME] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
ID of the function or fully qualified identifier for the function. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the function. Overrides the default \f5functions/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha functions describe
$ gcloud beta functions describe
.RE

