
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_MAPS_ENTRIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries delete \- delete a certificate map entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries delete\fR (\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-map\fR=\fIMAP\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a certificate map entry resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate map entry resource \- The certificate map entry to delete. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line with a fully
specified name; location is always global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the certificate map entry or fully qualified identifier for the
certificate map entry. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-map\fR=\fIMAP\fR
The certificate map for the certificate map entry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the certificate map entry with name simple\-entry, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries delete \e
    simple\-entry \-\-map simple\-map
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

