
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_API\-GATEWAY_GATEWAYS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha api\-gateway gateways delete \- delete an API Gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha api\-gateway gateways delete\fR (\fIGATEWAY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an API Gateway.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Gateway resource \- Name for gateway which will be deleted. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [gateway] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIGATEWAY\fR
ID of the gateway or fully qualified identifier for the gateway. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Cloud location for gateway.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a gateway 'my\-gateway' in 'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway gateways delete my\-gateway \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway gateways delete
.RE

