
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud composer environments delete \- delete one or more Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud composer environments delete\fR (\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR\ [\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR\ ...]\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Environments cannot be deleted unless they are in one of the RUNNING or ERROR
states. If run asynchronously with \f5\-\-async\fR, exits after printing one or
more operation names that can be used to poll the status of the deletion(s) via:

.RS 2m
gcloud composer operations describe
.RE

If any of the environments are already in the process of being deleted, the
original deletion operations are waited on (default) or printed
(\f5\-\-async\fR).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environments to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [environments] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR [\fIENVIRONMENTS\fR ...]
IDs of the environments or fully qualified identifiers for the environments.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environments.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments delete
$ gcloud beta composer environments delete
.RE

