
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FUNCTIONS_CALL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha functions call \- trigger execution of a Google Cloud Function



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha functions call\fR (\fINAME\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Function resource \- The Cloud function name to execute. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [NAME] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
ID of the function or fully qualified identifier for the function. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the function. Overrides the default \f5functions/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR
JSON string with data that will be passed to the function.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To call a function giving it hello world in message field of its event argument
(depending on your environment you might need to escape characters in \-\-data
flag value differently):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha functions call helloWorld \e
  \-\-data '{"message": "Hello World!"}'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud functions call
$ gcloud beta functions call
.RE

