
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_ENABLE\-ENFORCE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies enable\-enforce \- turns on enforcement of boolean Organization Policy constraint



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies enable\-enforce\fR \fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Turns on enforcement of a boolean Organization Policy constraint
at the specified resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR
The Org Policy constraint name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the organization policy. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command enables enforcement of the Organization Policy boolean
constraint \f5compute.disableSerialPortAccess\fR on project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies enable\-enforce \e
    compute.disableSerialPortAccess \-\-project=foo\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies enable\-enforce
.RE

