
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_DATABASES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner databases \- manage Cloud Spanner databases



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner databases\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Spanner databases.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBddl\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage the DDL for Cloud Spanner databases.

.TP 2m
\fBsessions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage the sessions for Cloud Spanner databases.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBexecute\-sql\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Executes a SQL query against a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List the Cloud Spanner databases contained within the given
instance.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases
.RE

