
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_DEPLOYMENTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe \- describe an Apigee API proxy deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe\fR [[\fIREVISION\fR]\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR\ \fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Apigee API proxy deployment.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe\fR retrieves the status of a
specific Apigee API proxy's deployment to a specific environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- The API proxy revision and environment of the deployment to
be described. \f5REVISION\fR defaults to \f5\fIauto\fR\fR, which will describe
whichever revision is currently deployed. However, if more than one revision of
\f5API\fR is deployed in \f5ENVIRONMENT\fR, then an explicit \f5REVISION\fR is
required or the command will fail. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIREVISION\fR]
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
The deployed API proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
The environment in which the proxy was deployed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the proxy and environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the status of a deployment in the active Cloud Platform project, which
deploys \f5\fImy\-proxy\fR\fR into the \f5\fIprod\fR\fR environment, run:

.RS 2m
gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe \-\-api=my\-proxy \-\-environment=prod
.RE

To get the status of a deployment in an Apigee organization called
\f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR, which deploys version 3 of the proxy \f5\fImy\-proxy\fR\fR
into the \f5\fItest\fR\fR environment, run:

.RS 2m
gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe 3 \-\-organization=my\-org \-\-environment=test \-\-api=my\-proxy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

