
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_CHANNEL\-DESCRIPTORS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring channel\-descriptors describe \- describe a notification channel descriptor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring channel\-descriptors describe\fR \fIDESCRIPTOR\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a notification channel type by fetching its descriptor.


.SH "EXAMPLES"
The following command obtains the descriptor for the \f5email\fR channel type:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channel\-descriptors describe email
.RE

The following command obtains the descriptor for the \f5sms\fR channel type:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channel\-descriptors describe sms
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Channel descriptor resource \- The notification channel descriptor to describe.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [descriptor] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDESCRIPTOR\fR
ID of the channel_descriptor or fully qualified identifier for the
channel_descriptor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v3\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring channel\-descriptors describe
.RE

