
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTP\-PROXIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies update \- update a target HTTP proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies update\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies update\fR is used to
change the URL map of existing target HTTP proxies. A target HTTP proxy is
referenced by one or more forwarding rules which define which packets the proxy
is responsible for routing. The target HTTP proxy in turn points to a URL map
that defines the rules for routing the requests. The URL map's job is to map
URLs to backend services which handle the actual requests.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target HTTP proxy to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource that defines the mapping of URLs to backend
services. The URL map must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target HTTP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies update
$ gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies update
.RE

