
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_JOBS_SUBMIT_PIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit pig \- submit a Pig job to a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit pig\fR \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR (\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit a Pig job to a cluster.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The Dataproc cluster to submit the job to.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
A Pig query to execute as part of the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
HCFS URI of file containing Pig script to execute as the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Does not wait for the job to run.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket to stage files in. Defaults to the cluster's configured
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
Whether to continue if a single query fails.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
A list of package to log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to Pig and MR. May contain
UDFs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-failures\-per\-hour\fR=\fIMAX_FAILURES_PER_HOUR\fR
Specifies maximum number of times a job can be restarted in event of failure.
Expressed as a per\-hour rate. Default is 0 (no failure retries).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to set variables in the Pig queries.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to configure Pig.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To submit a Pig job with a local script, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit pig \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-\-file my_queries.pig
.RE

To submit a Pig job with inline queries, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit pig \-\-cluster my_cluster \e
    \-e "LNS = LOAD 'gs://my_bucket/my_file.txt' AS (line)" \e
    \-e \e
    "WORDS = FOREACH LNS GENERATE FLATTEN(TOKENIZE(line)) AS word" \e
    \-e "GROUPS = GROUP WORDS BY word" \e
    \-e "WORD_COUNTS = FOREACH GROUPS GENERATE group, COUNT(WORDS)" \e
    \-e "DUMP WORD_COUNTS"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs submit pig
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit pig
.RE

