
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_DEVICES_CREDENTIALS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot devices credentials update \- update a specific device credential



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot devices credentials update\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fB\-\-expiration\-time\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_TIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a specific device credential.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device for which to update credentials. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-device] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\-time\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_TIME\fR
The expiration time for the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the expiration time of the first credential of a device in region
\'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iot devices credentials update \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-registry=my\-registry \-\-device=my\-device \e
    \-\-expiration\-time=2020\-12\-30T10:50:22Z 0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices credentials update
$ gcloud alpha iot devices credentials update
.RE

