
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SECURITY\-POLICIES_RULES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules create \- create a Google Compute Engine security policy rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules create\fR \fIPRIORITY\fR \fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR (\fB\-\-expression\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-preview\fR] [\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules create\fR is used
to create security policy rules.

For example to create a rule at priority 1000 to block the IP range 1.2.3.0/24,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules create 1000 \e
    \-\-action deny\-403 \e
    \-\-security\-policy my\-policy \e
    \-\-description "block 1.2.3.0/24" \e
    \-\-src\-ip\-ranges 1.2.3.0/24
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIORITY\fR
The priority of the rule to add. Rules are evaluated in order from highest
priority to lowest priority where 0 is the highest priority and 2147483647 is
the lowest priority.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR
The action to take if the request matches the match condition. \fIACTION\fR must
be one of: \fBallow\fR, \fBdeny\-403\fR, \fBdeny\-404\fR, \fBdeny\-502\fR.

.TP 2m

Security policy rule matcher. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expression\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
The Cloud Armor rules language expression to match for this rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]
The source IPs/IP ranges to match for this rule. To match all IPs specify *.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\fR
If specified, the action will not be enforced.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
The security policy that this rule belongs to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute security\-policies rules create
$ gcloud beta compute security\-policies rules create
.RE

