
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks describe \- describe a Compute Engine disk



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks describe\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute disks describe\fR displays all data associated with a Compute
Engine disk in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disk to describe. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to describe. If not specified and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR
property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the disk 'my\-disk' in zone 'us\-east1\-a', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks describe my\-disk \-\-zone=us\-east1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks describe
$ gcloud beta compute disks describe
.RE

