
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSET_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha asset export \- export the cloud assets to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha asset export\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) (\fB\-\-output\-path\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-output\-path\-prefix\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH_PREFIX\fR\ |\ [(\fB\-\-bigquery\-table\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_TABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-bigquery\-dataset\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_DATASET\fR)\ :\ \fB\-\-output\-bigquery\-force\fR]) [\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-snapshot\-time\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_TIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export the cloud assets to Google Cloud Storage or BigQuery. Use
gcloud asset operations describe to get the latest status of the operation. Note
that to export a project different from the project you want to bill, you can
use \-\-billing\-project or authenticate with a service account. See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/gcloud\-asset
for examples of using a service account.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The ID of the folder which is the root asset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The ID of the organization which is the root asset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project which is the root asset.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

The destination path for exporting assets. Exactly one of these must be
specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-path\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI where the results will go. URI must start with "gs://".
For example, "gs://bucket_name/object_name"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-path\-prefix\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH_PREFIX\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI where the results will go. URI must start with "gs://".
For example, "gs://bucket_name/object_name_prefix", in which case each exported
object uri is in format: "gs://bucket_name/object_name_prefix/<asset
type>/<shard number>" and it only contains assets for that type.

.TP 2m

The BigQuery destination for exporting assets.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-bigquery\-force\fR
If the destination table already exists and this flag is specified, the table
will be overwritten by the contents of assets snapshot. If the flag is not
specified and the destination table already exists, the export call returns an
error.

.TP 2m

Table resource \- The bigquery\-table export to. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-bigquery\-table] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bigquery\-table\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_TABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bigquery\-dataset\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_DATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]
A list of asset types (i.e., "compute.googleapis.com/Disk") to take a snapshot.
If specified and non\-empty, only assets matching the specified types will be
returned. See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview
for supported asset types.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR
Asset content type. If specified, only content matching the specified type will
be returned. Otherwise, no content but the asset name will be returned.
Specifying \f5resource\fR will export resource metadata, specifying
\f5iam\-policy\fR will export the IAM policy for each child asset, specifying
\f5org\-policy\fR will export the Org Policy set on child assets, and specifying
\f5access\-policy\fR will export the Access Policy set on child assets.
\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBresource\fR, \fBiam\-policy\fR,
\fBorg\-policy\fR, \fBaccess\-policy\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-time\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_TIME\fR
Timestamp to take a snapshot on assets. This can only be a current or past time.
If not specified, the current time will be used. Due to delays in resource data
collection and indexing, there is a volatile window during which running the
same query at different times may return different results. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export a snapshot of assets of type 'compute.googleapis.com/Disk' in project
\'test\-project' at '2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z' to 'gs://bucket\-name/object\-name'
and only export the asset metadata, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset export \-\-project='test\-project' \e
    \-\-asset\-types='compute.googleapis.com/Disk' \e
    \-\-snapshot\-time='2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z' \e
    \-\-output\-path='gs://bucket\-name/object\-name' \e
    \-\-content\-type='resource'
To export a snapshot of assets of type 'compute.googleapis.com/Disk' in project
\'test\-project' at '2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z' to
\'projects/projectId/datasets/datasetId/tables/table_name', overwrite the table
if existed, run:
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset export \-\-project='test\-project' \e
    \-\-asset\-types='compute.googleapis.com/Disk' \e
    \-\-snapshot\-time='2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z' \e
    \-\-bigquery\-table='projects/projectId/datasets/datasetId/tables/t\e
able_name' \-\-output\-bigquery\-force \-\-content\-type='resource'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset export
$ gcloud beta asset export
.RE

