
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_LITE\-SUBSCRIPTIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-subscriptions create \- create a Pub/Sub Lite subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-subscriptions create\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-delivery\-requirement\fR=\fIDELIVERY_REQUIREMENT\fR;\ default="deliver\-immediately"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Pub/Sub Lite subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
Subscription ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR
Topic ID associated with the subscription.

.TP 2m

Location resource \- Identifies the Cloud zone this command will be executed on.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-zone] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delivery\-requirement\fR=\fIDELIVERY_REQUIREMENT\fR; default="deliver\-immediately"
When this subscription should send messages to subscribers relative to messages
persistence in storage. See
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs/subscriptions#creating_lite_subscriptions
for more info. \fIDELIVERY_REQUIREMENT\fR must be one of:
\fBdeliver\-after\-stored\fR, \fBdeliver\-immediately\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsublite/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Pub/Sub Lite subscription, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-subscriptions create mysubscription \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-topic=mytopic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub lite\-subscriptions create
.RE

