
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOCAL_SETUP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha local setup \- command for creating a skaffold local development environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha local setup\fR [\fB\-\-build\-context\-directory\fR=\fIBUILD_CONTEXT_DIRECTORY\fR] [\fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR;\ default="Dockerfile"] [\fB\-\-image\-name\fR=\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-kubernetes\-file\fR=\fIKUBERNETES_FILE\fR;\ default="pods_and_services.yaml"] [\fB\-\-service\-name\fR=\fISERVICE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-skaffold\-file\fR=\fISKAFFOLD_FILE\fR;\ default="skaffold.yaml"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Command for creating a skaffold local development environment.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-build\-context\-directory\fR=\fIBUILD_CONTEXT_DIRECTORY\fR
If set, use this as the context directory when building the container image.
Otherwise, the directory of the Dockerfile will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR; default="Dockerfile"
The Dockerfile for the service image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-name\fR=\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
Name for the built docker image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubernetes\-file\fR=\fIKUBERNETES_FILE\fR; default="pods_and_services.yaml"
File containing yaml specifications for kubernetes resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-name\fR=\fISERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-skaffold\-file\fR=\fISKAFFOLD_FILE\fR; default="skaffold.yaml"
Location of the generated skaffold.yaml file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

