
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_SPEECH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml speech \- use Google Cloud Speech to get transcripts of audio



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml speech\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Google Cloud Speech to get transcripts of recorded audio, and
to get information about long\-running speech recognition operations. For audio
under 60 seconds, use:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml speech recognize
.RE

For audio 60 seconds or longer, use:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml speech recognize\-long\-running
.RE

For more information about the Google Cloud Speech API, refer to this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Interact with Google Cloud Speech operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrecognize\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get transcripts of short (less than 60 seconds) audio from an
audio file.

.TP 2m
\fBrecognize\-long\-running\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get transcripts of longer audio from an audio file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml speech
$ gcloud beta ml speech
.RE

