
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks subnets create \- define a subnet for a network in custom subnet mode



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks subnets create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR \fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-flow\-logs\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-secondary\-range\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Define a subnet for a network in custom subnet mode. Subnets must
be uniquely named per region.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the subnetwork to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The network to which the subnetwork belongs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
The IP space allocated to this subnetwork in CIDR format.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this subnetwork.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-flow\-logs\fR
Enable/disable flow logs for this subnet.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR
Enable/disable access to Google Cloud APIs from this subnet for instances
without a public ip address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the subnetwork to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secondary\-range\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]
Adds a secondary IP range to the subnetwork for use in IP aliasing.

For example, \f5\-\-secondary\-range range1=192.168.64.0/24\fR adds a secondary
range 192.168.64.0/24 with name range1.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5RANGE_NAME\fR \- Name of the secondary range.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5RANGE\fR \- \f5IP range in CIDR format.\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks subnets create
$ gcloud beta compute networks subnets create
.RE

