
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_NODE\-POOLS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container node\-pools describe \- describe an existing node pool for a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container node\-pools describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud container node\-pools describe\fR displays all data associated with
the node pool in the Google Kubernetes Engine cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the node pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The name of the cluster. Overrides the default \fBcontainer/cluster\fR property
value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a node pool of an existing cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools describe node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=sample\-cluster
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools describe
$ gcloud beta container node\-pools describe
.RE

