
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCT\-SETS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets describe \- describe a product set



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets describe\fR (\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a product set.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Product set resource \- Product set to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [product_set] on the command line with
a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR
ID of the product set or fully qualified identifier for the product set. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of product set.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe 'my\-product\-set' in location 'us\-east1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets describe \e
    my\-product\-set \-\-location=us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets describe
.RE

