
.TH "GCLOUD_LOGGING_SINKS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud logging sinks update \- updates a sink



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud logging sinks update\fR \fISINK_NAME\fR [\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Changes the \fB[destination]\fR or \fB\-\-log\-filter\fR associated with a sink.
The new destination must already exist and Stackdriver Logging must have
permission to write to it. Log entries are exported to the new destination
immediately.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISINK_NAME\fR
The name of the sink to update.

.TP 2m
[\fIDESTINATION\fR]
A new destination for the sink. If omitted, the sink's existing destination is
unchanged.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
A new filter expression for the sink. If omitted, the sink's existing filter (if
any) is unchanged.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Update a sink associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To only update a sink filter, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging sinks update my\-sink \-\-log\-filter='severity>=ERROR'
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging sinks update
$ gcloud beta logging sinks update
.RE

