
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_CONNECTION\-PROFILES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles update \- update a Database Migration Service connection profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles update\fR (\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-ca\-certificate\fR=\fICA_CERTIFICATE\fR] [\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Database Migration Service connection profile.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- The connection profile to update. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [connection_profile]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the connection_profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ca\-certificate\fR=\fICA_CERTIFICATE\fR
x509 PEM\-encoded certificate of the CA that signed the source database server's
certificate. The replica will use this certificate to verify it's connecting to
the right host.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\fR
x509 PEM\-encoded certificate that will be used by the replica to authenticate
against the source database server.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Friendly name for the connection profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
IP or hostname of the source MySQL database.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
If the source is a Cloud SQL database, use this field to provide the Cloud SQL
instance ID of the source.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Network port of the source MySQL database.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY\fR
Unencrypted PKCS#1 or PKCS#8 PEM\-encoded private key associated with the Client
Certificate.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR
Username that Database Migration Service will use to connect to the database.
The value is encrypted when stored in Database Migration Service.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Password for the user that Database Migration Service will be using to connect
to the database. This field is not returned on request, and the value is
encrypted when stored in Database Migration Service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR
Prompt for the password used to connect to the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the display name of a connection profile:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles update \e
  CONNECTION_PROFILE \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-display\-name=new\-name
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

