
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_MEMBERSHIPS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container memberships delete \- delete a membership



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container memberships delete\fR (\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command group is deprecated. Please use
\f5gcloud container hub memberships\fR command group instead.

Delete a membership from Google Kubernetes Hub.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Membership resource \- membership resource representing a cluster in Google
Kubernetes Hub. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [membership] on the command line with a fully specified name; set
the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR
ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the membership. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgkehub/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster\-management/connect/registering\-a\-cluster



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Delete a membership for a cluster:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container memberships delete a\-membership
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container memberships delete
.RE

