
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_NAMESPACES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces create \- create a namespace



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces create\fR (\fINAMESPACE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a namespace.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Namespace resource \- The Service Directory namespace to create. The namespace
id must be 1\-63 characters long and match the regular expression
\f5[a\-z](?:[\-a\-z0\-9]{0,61}[a\-z0\-9])?\fR which means the first character
must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash,
lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[namespace] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAMESPACE\fR
ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the namespace.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Resource labels associated with the namespace.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Service Directory namespace, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces create my\-namespace \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-labels=a=b,c=d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces create
.RE

