
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies \- manage Compute Engine Resource Policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Compute Engine resource policies.

For more information about resource policies, see the resource policies
documentation (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/access#resource\-policies).

See also: Resource policies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/resourcePolicies).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine Resource Policies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-snapshot\-schedule\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine Snapshot
Schedule Resource Policy.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-vm\-maintenance\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine VM Maintenance
Resource Policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Google Compute Engine resource policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine resource policy.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine resource policy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine resource policies.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine resource policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute resource\-policies
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies
.RE

