
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_CREATE_GROUP\-PLACEMENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create group\-placement \- create a Google Compute Engine group placement resource policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create group\-placement\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-availability\-domain\-count\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_DOMAIN_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-collocation\fR=\fICOLLOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine Group Placement Resource Policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the resource policy to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-availability\-domain\-count\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_DOMAIN_COUNT\fR
Number of availability domain in the group placement policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collocation\fR=\fICOLLOCATION\fR
Collocation specifies whether to place VMs inside the sameavailability domain on
the same low\-latency network. \fICOLLOCATION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcollocated\fR
Low network latency between VMs placed on the sameavailability domain.
.TP 2m
\fBunspecified\-collocation\fR
Unspecified network latency between VMs placed on the sameavailability domain.
This is the default behavior.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the resource policy to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR
Number of instances targeted by the group placement policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Google Compute Engine group placement policy with two availability
domains, run:.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create group\-placement \e
    my\-resource\-policy \-\-region=REGION \-\-availability\-domain\-count=2

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute resource\-policies create group\-placement
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies create group\-placement
.RE

