
.TH "GCLOUD_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud data\-catalog entries update \- update a Cloud Data Catalog entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud data\-catalog entries update\fR [\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-lookup\-entry\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-file\-patterns\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-linked\-resource\fR=\fILINKED_RESOURCE\fR\ \fB\-\-user\-specified\-system\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_SYSTEM\fR\ \fB\-\-user\-specified\-type\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a Cloud Data Catalog entry. The entry to update can either be specified
directly, or the \f5\-\-lookup\-entry\fR flag may be used to update the entry
corresponding to the lookup of the given resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry resource \- Entry to update. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the entry or fully qualified identifier for the entry. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Textual description of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human\-readable name for the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-lookup\-entry\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR
The name of the target resource whose entry to update. This can be either the
Google Cloud Platform resource name or the SQL name of a Google Cloud Platform
resource. This flag allows one to update the entry corresponding to the lookup
of the given resource, without needing to specify the entry directly.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]
A list of file patterns to add to the current list.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-file\-patterns\fR
If specified, clear the current list of file patterns.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]
A list of file patterns to remove from the current list.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-linked\-resource\fR=\fILINKED_RESOURCE\fR
Link to the resource in external system. If \f5\-\-type\fR is not used, then
\f5\-\-linked\-resource\fR may be provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-specified\-system\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_SYSTEM\fR
External system from which the entry is fed. This can be updated for on prem
entries.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-specified\-type\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_TYPE\fR
Type of the entry coming from external system. This can be updated for on prem
entries.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

New column schema for the entry. A schema consists of a list of column names
along with their types, descriptions, modes, and nested subcolumns. For example:

.RS 2m
\- column: first_name
  description: First name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: last_name
  description: Last name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: addresses
  description: Addresses
  mode: REPEATED
  type: RECORD
  subcolumns:
  \- column: city
    description: City
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
  \- column: state
    description: State
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
.RE

At most one of these may be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]
Inline schema for the entry. When specifying a schema via this argument, only
column names and types should be provided. Column modes will default to
NULLABLE, and column descriptions and nested subcolumns are not supported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the schema for the entry. This can be
used to specify schemas with column descriptions, column modes other than
NULLABLE, and nested subcolumns.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the schema of a Cloud Pub/Sub entry inline, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries update entry1 \e
    \-\-location=global \-\-entry\-group=@pubsub \e
    \-\-schema="column1=type1,column2=type2"
.RE

To update the schema of a Cloud Pub/Sub entry from a file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries update entry1 \e
    \-\-location=global \-\-entry\-group=@pubsub \e
    \-\-schema\-from\-file="/tmp/schema.json"
.RE

To lookup the entry of a Cloud Pub/Sub topic by its SQL name and update its
schema in one command, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries update \e
    \-\-lookup\-entry='pubsub.topic.`my\-project1`.topic1' \e
    \-\-schema="column1=type1,column2=type2"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries update
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entries update
.RE

