
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_ROLES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam roles list \- list the roles defined at a parent organization or a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam roles list\fR [\fB\-\-show\-deleted\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command lists the roles with given parent organization or
project.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-deleted\fR
Show deleted roles by specifying this flag.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to list.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project of the role you want to list.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list the roles for an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles list \-\-organization 12345
.RE

To list the roles for a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles list \-\-project myproject
.RE

To list the curated roles, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles list
$ gcloud beta iam roles list
.RE

