
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_CREATE\-INSTANCE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed create\-instance \- create a new virtual machine instance in a managed instance group with a defined name and optionally its stateful configuration: stateful disk, stateful metadata



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed create\-instance\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fIsource\fR=\fISOURCE\fR]] [\fB\-\-stateful\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed
create\-instance\fR creates a virtual machine instance with a defined name and
optionally its stateful configuration: stateful disk and stateful metadata
key\-values. Stateful configuration is stored in the corresponding newly created
per\-instance config. An instance with a per\-instance config will preserve its
given name, specified disks, and metadata key\-values during instance
recreation, auto\-healing, and updates and any other lifecycle transitions of
the instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to create instance in.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Name of the new instance to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-disk\fR=[\fIauto\-delete\fR=\fIAUTO\-DELETE\fR],[\fIdevice\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE\-NAME\fR],[\fImode\fR=\fIMODE\fR],[\fIsource\fR=\fISOURCE\fR]
Stateful disk for the managed instance group to preserve. Usually, a managed
instance group deletes disks when deleting instances; however, stateful disks
are detached from deleted instances and are reattached automatically to the
instance on recreation, autohealing, updates, and any other lifecycle
transitions of the instance.

Stateful disks specified here form part of the per\-instance config for the new
instance.

The same disk can be attached to many instances but only in read\-only mode.

Use this flag multiple times to attach more disks.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdevice\-name\fR
(Required) Device name under which disk is or will be attached.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\fR
(Required) URI of an existing persistent disk to attach under the specified
device\-name.

.TP 2m
\fBmode\fR
Specifies the attachment mode of the disk. Supported options are 'ro' for
read\-only and 'rw' for read\-write. If omitted, defaults to 'rw'. \f5mode\fR
can only be specified if \f5source\fR is given.

.TP 2m
\fBauto\-delete\fR
(Optional) Specifies the auto deletion policy of the stateful disk. Supported
values are 'never' (never delete this disk) and
\'on\-permanent\-instance\-deletion' (delete the stateful disk when the given
instance is permanently deleted from the instance group; for example when the
group is resized down). If omitted, 'never' is used as the default.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Additional metadata to be made available to the guest operating system on the
instance along with the metadata defined in the instance template.

Use stateful metadata to define key/value pairs specific to an instance to
differentiate it from other instances in the managed instance group. The
stateful metadata forms part of the per\-instance config for the new instance.

Stateful metadata key/value pairs are preserved on instance recreation,
autohealing, updates, and any other lifecycle transitions of the instance.

Only metadata keys provided in this flag are mutated. Stateful metadata values
defined for the keys already existing in the instance template override the
values from the instance template. Other metadata entries from the instance
template will remain unaffected and available.

Each metadata entry is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign. Metadata
keys must be unique and less than 128 bytes in length. Multiple entries can be
passed to this flag, e.g., \f5\fI\-\-stateful\-metadata
key\-1=value\-1,key\-2=value\-2,key\-3=value\-3\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to create instance in. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to create instance in. If not specified, you
may be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

