
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations export \- export a Cloud Domains registration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations export\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export the domain to direct management by Google Domains. The
domain remains valid until expiry. For information on how to access it in Google
Domains after exporting, see https://support.google.com/domains/answer/6339340.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain registration to export. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [registration] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export a registration for \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations export example.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

