
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VIDEO_TRANSCRIBE\-SPEECH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml video transcribe\-speech \- transcribe speech in a video



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml video transcribe\-speech\fR \fIINPUT_PATH\fR \fB\-\-language\-code\fR=\fILANGUAGE_CODE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-audio\-tracks\fR=[\fIAUDIO_TRACKS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-diarization\-speaker\-count\fR=\fIDIARIZATION_SPEAKER_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-automatic\-punctuation\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-speaker\-diarization\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-word\-confidence\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\-profanity\fR] [\fB\-\-hints\fR=[\fIHINTS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-alternatives\fR=\fIMAX_ALTERNATIVES\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-uri\fR=\fIOUTPUT_URI\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-segments\fR=[\fISEGMENTS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Transcribe speech within a video.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINPUT_PATH\fR
Path to the video to be analyzed. Must be a local path or a Google Cloud Storage
URI.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-language\-code\fR=\fILANGUAGE_CODE\fR
The language of the supplied audio as a BCP\-47
(https://www.rfc\-editor.org/rfc/bcp/bcp47.txt) language tag. Example: "en\-US".
See Language Support (https://cloud.google.com/speech/docs/languages) for a list
of the currently supported language codes.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-audio\-tracks\fR=[\fIAUDIO_TRACKS\fR,...]
For file formats, such as MXF or MKV, supporting multiple audio tracks, specify
up to two commas separated tracks. Default track is 0.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-diarization\-speaker\-count\fR=\fIDIARIZATION_SPEAKER_COUNT\fR
Optional estimated number of speakers in the conversation. If not specified,
defaults to '2'. Ignored unless \-\-enable\-speaker\-diarization is enabled.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-automatic\-punctuation\fR
If enabled, adds punctuation to recognition result hypotheses. This feature is
only available in select languages. Setting this for requests in other languages
has no effect at all. The default disabled case does not add punctuation to
result hypotheses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-speaker\-diarization\fR
If enabled, perform speaker detection for each recognized word in the top
alternative of the recognition result using a speaker_tag provided in the
WordInfo results section. When this is enabled, we send all the words from the
beginning of the audio for the top alternative in every consecutive responses.
This is done in order to improve our speaker tags as our models learn to
identify the speakers in the conversation over time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-word\-confidence\fR
If enabled, the top result includes a list of words and the confidence for those
words. If disabled, no word\-level confidence information is returned. The
default is disabled.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\-profanity\fR
If enabled, the server will attempt to filter out profanities, replacing all but
the initial character in each filtered word with asterisks, e.g. "f**\fB". If
disabled or omitted, profanities will not be filtered out.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-hints\fB=[\fIHINTS\fR,...]
list of strings containing words and phrases "hints" so that the speech
recognition is more likely to recognize them. This can be used to improve the
accuracy for specific words and phrases, for example, if specific commands are
typically spoken by the user. This can also be used to add additional words to
the vocabulary of the recognizer. See
(https://cloud.google.com/speech/limits#content).

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-max\-alternatives\fB=\fIMAX_ALTERNATIVES\fR
Maximum number of recognition hypotheses to be returned. Specifically, the
maximum number of \f5SpeechRecognitionAlternative\fR messages within each
\f5SpeechTranscription\fR. The server may return fewer than
\f5max_alternatives\fR. Valid values are \f50\fR\-\f530\fR. A value of \f50\fR
or \f51\fR will return a maximum of one. If omitted, will return a maximum of
one

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-output\-uri\fB=\fIOUTPUT_URI\fR
Location to which the results should be written. Must be a Google Cloud Storage
URI.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-region\fB=\fIREGION\fR
Optional Cloud region where annotation should take place. If no region is
specified, a region will be determined based on video file location.
\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fRasia\-east1\fB, \fReurope\-west1\fB,
\fRus\-east1\fB, \fRus\-west1\fB.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-segments\fB=[\fISEGMENTS\fR,...]
Segments from the video which you want to analyze (by default, the entire video
will be treated as one segment). Must be in the format
START1:END1[,START2:END2,...] (inclusive). START and END of segments must be a
properly formatted duration string of the form \f5HhMmSs\fR where:

.RS 2m
*  H is the number of hours from beginning of video
*  M is the number of minutes from the beginning of video
*  S is the number of seconds from the beginning of the video
.RE

H, M and S can be specified as ints or floats for fractional units (to
microsecond resolution). Unit chars (e.g. \f5h\fR, \f5m\fR or \f5s\fR) are
required. Microseconds can be specified using fractional seconds e.g. 0.000569s
== 569 microseconds.

Examples:

0s:23.554048s,24s:29.528064s

0:1m40s,3m50s:5m10.232265s


\fR
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvideointelligence/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/video\-intelligence/docs/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml video transcribe\-speech
.RE

