
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_GET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts get\-iam\-policy \- get the IAM policy for a service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts get\-iam\-policy\fR \fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command gets the IAM policy for a service account. If
formatted as JSON, the output can be edited and used as a policy file for
set\-iam\-policy. The output includes an "etag" field identifying the version
emitted and allowing detection of concurrent policy updates; see $ gcloud iam
service\-accounts set\-iam\-policy for additional details.

When managing IAM roles, you can treat a service account either as a resource or
as an identity. This command is to get the iam policy of a service account
resource. There are other gcloud commands to manage IAM policies for other types
of resources. For example, to manage IAM policies on a project, use the \f5$
gcloud projects\fR commands.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account whose policy to get. The account should be formatted either
as a numeric service account ID or as an email, like this: 123456789876543212345
or my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the IAM policy for a given service account, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts get\-iam\-policy \e
    my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts get\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts get\-iam\-policy
.RE

