
.TH "GCLOUD_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_KEYS_UPLOAD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iam service\-accounts keys upload \- upload a public key for an IAM service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iam service\-accounts keys upload\fR \fIPUBLIC_KEY_FILE\fR \fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Upload a public key for an IAM service account.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPUBLIC_KEY_FILE\fR
Path of the file containing the public key. Note that only public key data in
the format of RSA_X509_PEM is supported. See
https://cloud.google.com/iot/docs/concepts/device\-security#public_key_format
for more information.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

IamAccount resource \- The service account for which to upload a key. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-iam\-account] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR
ID of the iamAccount or fully qualified identifier for the iamAccount.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiam/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command uploads a public key certificate to a service account:.RS 2m
gcloud iam service\-accounts keys upload test_data/public_key.cert
  \-\-iam\-account test\-account@fake\-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys upload
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts keys upload
.RE

