
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_BACKUPS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore backups describe \- describe a Cloud Filestore backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore backups describe\fR \fIBACKUP\fR \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Displays all data associated with a Cloud Filestore backup given a
valid backup name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The backup specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given backup.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore backup you want to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region (e.g. us\-central1) for the backup.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfile/v1p1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To display all data associated with a backup of the name 'my\-backup' in the
region us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups describe my\-backup \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore backups describe
.RE

