
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_RULES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules update \- update a Google Compute Engine security policy rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules update\fR \fIPRIORITY\fR \fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-dest\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fIDEST_IP_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-layer4\-configs\fR=[\fILAYER4_CONFIG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-new\-priority\fR=\fINEW_PRIORITY\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-resources\fR=[\fITARGET_RESOURCES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-service\-accounts\fR=[\fITARGET_SERVICE_ACCOUNTS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules update\fR is
used to update organization security policy rules.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of the security policy rule to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name of the security policy into which the rule should be updated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR
Action to take if the request matches the match condition. \fIACTION\fR must be
one of: \fBallow\fR, \fBdeny\fR, \fBgoto_next\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dest\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fIDEST_IP_RANGE\fR,...]
Destination IP ranges to match for this rule. Can only be specified if DIRECTION
is egress.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR
Direction of the traffic the rule is applied. The default is to apply on
incoming traffic. \fIDIRECTION\fR must be one of: \fBINGRESS\fR, \fBEGRESS\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
Use this flag to enable logging of connections that allowed or denied by this
rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-layer4\-configs\fR=[\fILAYER4_CONFIG\fR,...]
A list of destination protocols and ports to which the firewall rule will apply.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-new\-priority\fR=\fINEW_PRIORITY\fR
New priority for the rule to update. Valid in [0, 65535].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization which the organization security policy belongs to. Must be set if
SECURITY_POLICY is display name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]
Source IP ranges to match for this rule. Can only be specified if DIRECTION is
ingress.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-resources\fR=[\fITARGET_RESOURCES\fR,...]
List of URLs of target resources to which the rule is applied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-service\-accounts\fR=[\fITARGET_SERVICE_ACCOUNTS\fR,...]
List of target service accounts for the rule.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a rule with priority ``10" in an organization security policy with ID
``123456789" to change the action to ``allow" and description to
``new\-example\-rule", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules update create 10 \e
    \-\-security\-policy=123456789 \-\-action=allow
\-\-description=new\-example\-rule
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules update
.RE

