
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_ROOTS_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca roots restore \- restore a root Certificate Authority



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca roots restore\fR (\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Restores a root Certificate Authority that has been marked for
deletion. A Certificate Authority can be restored within 30 days of being
scheduled for deletion. Use this command to halt the deletion process. A
restored CA will move to DISABLED state.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY resource \- The certificate authority to restore. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY or fully qualified identifier for the
CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. Alternatively, you can set the
property [privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To restore a root CA:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca roots restore prod\-root \-\-location=us\-west1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

