
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_REGISTRIES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot registries add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add an IAM policy binding to a device registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot registries add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a device registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry for which to add IAM policy binding to.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag
[registry] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudiot/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iot registries add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

