
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_START\-IAP\-TUNNEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute start\-iap\-tunnel \- starts an IAP TCP forwarding tunnel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute start\-iap\-tunnel\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fIINSTANCE_PORT\fR [\fB\-\-local\-host\-port\fR=\fILOCAL_HOST_PORT\fR;\ default="localhost:0"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Starts a tunnel to Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy for TCP forwarding through which
another process can create a connection (eg. SSH, RDP) to a Google Compute
Engine instance.

To learn more, see the [IAP for TCP forwarding documentation](
https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/tcp\-forwarding\-overview).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances

.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_PORT\fR
The name or number of the instance's port to connect to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-host\-port\fR=\fILOCAL_HOST_PORT\fR; default="localhost:0"
\f5LOCAL_HOST:LOCAL_PORT\fR on which gcloud should bind and listen for
connections that should be tunneled.

\f5LOCAL_PORT\fR may be omitted, in which case it is treated as 0 and an
arbitrary unused local port is chosen. The colon also may be omitted in that
case.

If \f5LOCAL_PORT\fR is 0, an arbitrary unused local port is chosen.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To open a tunnel to the instances's RDP port on an arbitrary local port, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute start\-iap\-tunnel my\-instance 3389
.RE

To open a tunnel to the instance's RDP port on a specific local port, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute start\-iap\-tunnel my\-instance 3389 \e
    \-\-local\-host\-port=localhost:3333
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute start\-iap\-tunnel
$ gcloud beta compute start\-iap\-tunnel
.RE

