
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_IMPORT\-JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs describe \- get metadata for a given import job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs describe\fR \fIIMPORT_JOB\fR [\fB\-\-attestation\-file\fR=\fIATTESTATION_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns metadata for the given import job.

The optional flag \f5\-\-attestation\-file\fR specifies file to write the
attestation into. The attestation enables the user to verify the integrity and
provenance of the key. See https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/attest\-key for
more information about attestations.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR
Name of the import job to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestation\-file\fR=\fIATTESTATION_FILE\fR
Path to the output attestation file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the import job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the import job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command returns metadata for import job 'strider' within the
keyring 'fellowship' in the location 'us\-central1':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs describe strider \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE

For import jobs with protection level \f5HSM\fR, use the
\f5\-\-attestation\-file\fR flag to save the attestation to a local file.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs describe strider \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-attestation\-file=path/to/attestation.dat
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms import\-jobs describe
.RE

