
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions update \- updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions update\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR] [\fB\-\-expiration\-period\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_PERIOD\fR] [\fB\-\-message\-retention\-duration\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-push\-auth\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-push\-auth\-token\-audience\fR=\fIOPTIONAL_AUDIENCE_OVERRIDE\fR] [\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR] [\fB\-\-retain\-acked\-messages\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-dead\-letter\-policy\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-dead\-letter\-topic\fR=\fIDEAD_LETTER_TOPIC\fR\ \fB\-\-max\-delivery\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_DELIVERY_ATTEMPTS\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to update. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR
The number of seconds the system will wait for a subscriber to acknowledge
receiving a message before re\-attempting delivery.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\-period\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_PERIOD\fR
The subscription will expire if it is inactive for the given period. Valid
values are strings of the form INTEGER[UNIT], where UNIT is one of "s", "m",
"h", and "d" for seconds, minutes, hours, and days, respectively. If the unit is
omitted, seconds is assumed. This flag additionally accepts the special value
"never" to indicate that the subscription will never expire.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-retention\-duration\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_DURATION\fR
How long to retain unacknowledged messages in the subscription's backlog, from
the moment a message is published. If \-\-retain\-acked\-messages is true, this
also configures the retention of acknowledged messages. Specify "default" to use
the default value. Valid values are strings of the form INTEGER[UNIT], where
UNIT is one of "s", "m", "h", and "d" for seconds, minutes, hours, and days,
respectively. If the unit is omitted, seconds is assumed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-auth\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR
Service account email used as the identity for the generated Open ID Connect
token for authenticated push.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-auth\-token\-audience\fR=\fIOPTIONAL_AUDIENCE_OVERRIDE\fR
Audience used in the generated Open ID Connect token for authenticated push. If
not specified, it will be set to the push\-endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR
A URL to use as the endpoint for this subscription. This will also automatically
set the subscription type to PUSH.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retain\-acked\-messages\fR
Whether or not to retain acknowledged messages. If true, messages are not
expunged from the subscription's backlog until they fall out of the
\-\-message\-retention\-duration window.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-dead\-letter\-policy\fR
If set, clear the dead letter policy from the subscription.

.TP 2m

Dead Letter Queue Options

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dead\-letter\-topic\fR=\fIDEAD_LETTER_TOPIC\fR
Name of the topic to which dead letter messages should be published. Format is
\f5projects/{project}/topics/{topic}\fR. The Cloud Pub/Sub service account
associated with the enclosing subscription's parent project (i.e.,
service\-{project_number}@gcp\-sa\-pubsub.iam.gserviceaccount.com) must have
permission to Publish() to this topic and Acknowledge() messages on this
subscription.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-delivery\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_DELIVERY_ATTEMPTS\fR
Maximum number of delivery attempts for any message. The value must be between 5
and 100. Defaults to 5. \f5\-\-dead\-letter\-topic\fR must also be specified.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions update
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions update
.RE

