
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types create \- create a type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command inserts (creates) a new composite type based on a
provided configuration file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Composite type name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Path to a python or jinja file (local or via URL) that defines the composite
type. If you want to provide a schema, that file must be in the same location:
e.g. "\-\-template=./foobar.jinja" means "./foobar.jinja.schema" should also
exist. The file must end in either ".jinja" or ".py" to be interpreted
correctly.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Optional description of the composite type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR
Optional status for a composite type. \fISTATUS\fR must be one of:
\fBDEPRECATED\fR, \fBEXPERIMENTAL\fR, \fBSUPPORTED\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new composite type, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types create my\-composite\-type \e
    \-\-template=my\-template.jinja \-\-status=EXPERIMENTAL \e
    \-\-description="My type."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager types create
.RE

