
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_READGROUPSETS_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets import \- imports read group sets into a dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets import\fR \fB\-\-dataset\-id\fR=\fIDATASET_ID\fR \fB\-\-source\-uris\fR=[\fISOURCE_URIS\fR,...] [\fB\-\-partition\-strategy\fR=\fIPARTITION_STRATEGY\fR] [\fB\-\-reference\-set\-id\fR=\fIREFERENCE_SET_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Imports read group sets from a set of BAM files in Google Cloud
Storage. See [](https://cloud.google.com/genomics/managing\-reads for more
details)



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\-id\fR=\fIDATASET_ID\fR
The ID of the dataset the imported read group sets will belong to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-uris\fR=[\fISOURCE_URIS\fR,...]
Comma separated list of Google Cloud Storage URIs for BAM files
(https://samtools.github.io/hts\-specs/SAMv1.pdf) to be imported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-partition\-strategy\fR=\fIPARTITION_STRATEGY\fR
One of "PER_FILE_PER_SAMPLE" or "MERGE_ALL". The partition strategy describes
how read groups from the provided files are partitioned into read group sets. In
general, use PER_FILE_PER_SAMPLE when importing multiple samples from multiple
files and use MERGE_ALL when importing a single sample from multiple files.
Defaults to PER_FILE_PER_SAMPLE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reference\-set\-id\fR=\fIREFERENCE_SET_ID\fR
The reference set ID to associate with the imported read group sets. The
reference headers in the provided BAM files will be validated against this ID.
The reference set ID can be used by consumers of your imported read group sets
for more robust reference genome comparison.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Import a single BAM file and associate with the GRCh38 reference set:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets import \-\-dataset\-id 123 \e
    \-\-reference\-set\-id "EMud_c37lKPXTQ" \e
    \-\-source\-uris "gs://mybucket/reads.bam"
.RE

Import a single sample which is sharded across multiple BAM files:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets import \-\-dataset\-id 123 \e
    \-\-partition\-strategy MERGE_ALL \e
    \-\-source\-uris "gs://mybucket/chr?.bam,gs://mybucket/mt.bam"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

