
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_INSTANCES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner instances set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner instances set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner instance given a instance
ID and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The Spanner instance to set the IAM policy for. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the
property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance or a fully qualified identifier for the instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and sets it for a spanner instance with the ID
\f5example\-instance\fR:

$ gcloud alpha spanner instances set\-iam\-policy example\-instance \e.RS 2m
policy.json

.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner instances set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta spanner instances set\-iam\-policy
.RE

