
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CLOUD\-SHELL_GET\-MOUNT\-COMMAND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha cloud\-shell get\-mount\-command \- prints a command to mount the Cloud Shell home directory via sshfs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha cloud\-shell get\-mount\-command\fR \fIMOUNT_DIR\fR [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha cloud\-shell get\-mount\-command\fR starts your
Cloud Shell if it is not already running, then prints out a command that allows
you to mount the Cloud Shell home directory onto your local file system using
\fBsshfs\fR. You must install and run sshfs yourself.

After mounting the Cloud Shell home directory, any changes you make under the
mount point on your local file system will be reflected in Cloud Shell and
vice\-versa.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMOUNT_DIR\fR
Local directory onto which the Cloud Shell home directory should be mounted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled gcloud will regenerate and overwrite the files associated with a
broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both interactive and
non\-interactive environment.

If disabled gcloud will not attempt to regenerate the files associated with a
broken SSH key and fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\fB~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta cloud\-shell get\-mount\-command
.RE

