
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICES_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta services operations describe \- describes an operation resource for a given operation name



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta services operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fB\-\-full\fR=\fIFULL\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command will return information about an operation given the
name of that operation.

The amount of information inside an operation can be very large, so by default,
only a summary is returned. If you want the entire operation resource, you can
include the \f5\-\-full\fR flag.

Note that the \f5operations/\fR prefix of the operation name is optional and may
be omitted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
The name of the operation to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-full\fR=\fIFULL\fR
(DEPRECATED) Print the entire operation resource, which could be large. By
default, a summary will be printed instead.

This flag is deprecated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an operation resource named
\f5operations/serviceConfigs.my\-service.1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta services operations describe \e
    serviceConfigs.my\-service.1
.RE

To get the full operation resource, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta services operations describe \e
    serviceConfigs.my\-service.1 \-\-full
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services operations describe
$ gcloud alpha services operations describe
.RE

