
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_REMOVE\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute images remove\-labels \- remove labels from Google Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute images remove\-labels\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute images remove\-labels\fR removes labels
from a Google Compute Engine image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
Name of the disk image to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all labels from the resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of label keys to remove from the resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove existing labels with key \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR from
\'example\-image'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images remove\-labels example\-image \e
    \-\-labels=k0,k1
.RE

Labels can be used to identify the image and to filter them. To find a image
labeled with key\-value pair \f5\fIk1\fR\fR, \f5\fIv2\fR\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images list \-\-filter='labels.k1:v2'
.RE

To list only the labels when describing a resource, use \-\-format

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images describe example\-image \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images remove\-labels
$ gcloud beta compute images remove\-labels
.RE

