
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_LIST\-TESTABLE\-PERMISSIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam list\-testable\-permissions \- list IAM testable permissions for a resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam list\-testable\-permissions\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Testable permissions mean the permissions that user can add or
remove in a role at a given resource. The resource can be referenced either via
the full resource name or via a URI.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
The full resource name or URI to get the testable permissions for.

See "Resource Names" (https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names) for
details. To get a URI from most \f5list\fR commands in \f5gcloud\fR, pass the
\f5\-\-uri\fR flag. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-project prj \-\-uri
https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/prj/zones/us\-east1\-c/instances/i1
https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/prj/zones/us\-east1\-d/instances/i2
.RE



.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List testable permissions for a resource identified via full resource name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam list\-testable\-permissions \e
    //cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/organizations/1234567
.RE

List testable permissions for a resource identified via URI:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam list\-testable\-permissions \e
    https://www.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/example\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam list\-testable\-permissions
$ gcloud beta iam list\-testable\-permissions
.RE

