
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta services \- list, enable and disable APIs and services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta services\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud services command group lets you manage your project's
access to services provided by Google and third parties.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBidentity\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage service identity.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Operation for various services.

.TP 2m
\fBpeered\-dns\-domains\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Peered DNS domains for various private service connections.

.TP 2m
\fBvpc\-peerings\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR VPC Peerings to various services.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Disable a service for consumption for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Enables a service for consumption for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List services for a project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see how to enable a service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta services enable \-\-help
.RE

To see how to list services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta services list \-\-help
.RE

To see how to disable a service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta services disable \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services
$ gcloud alpha services
.RE

