
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_API\-GATEWAY_APIS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis describe \- show details about a specific API



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis describe\fR \fIAPI\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a specific API.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Api resource \- Name for API which will be described. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [api]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the
[location] attribute: provide the argument [api] on the command line with a
fully specified name; Location for API and API Configs. Defaults to global. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPI\fR
ID of the api or fully qualified identifier for the api.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show details about an API, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis describe my\-api
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway apis describe
.RE

