
.TH "GCLOUD_GAME_SERVERS_REALMS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud game servers realms delete \- delete a Realm



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud game servers realms delete\fR (\fIREALM\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete a Cloud Game Server Realm.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete Realm 'my\-realm' in project 'my\-project' and location
\'my\-location', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud game servers realms delete my\-realm \-\-project=my\-project \e
    \-\-location=my\-location
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Realm resource \- Cloud Game Server Realm to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [realm] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREALM\fR
ID of the realm or fully qualified identifier for the realm. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers realms delete
$ gcloud beta game servers realms delete
.RE

