
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TPUS_START" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute tpus start \- start a Cloud TPU



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute tpus start\fR (\fITPU\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Start a Cloud TPU.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tpu resource \- The Cloud TPU to start. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [tpu] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITPU\fR
ID of the tpu or fully qualified identifier for the tpu. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus start
$ gcloud beta compute tpus start
.RE

