
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_MEMCACHE_INSTANCES_APPLY\-PARAMETERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta memcache instances apply\-parameters \- apply updated parameters to a Memorystore Memcached instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta memcache instances apply\-parameters\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) (\fB\-\-apply\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-node\-ids\fR=[\fINODE_IDS\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Apply updated parameters to the nodes of a Memorystore Memcached
instance with the given name.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memcached instance you
want to apply parameters to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Memcached region of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-apply\-all\fR
Apply the updated parameters onto all nodes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-ids\fR=[\fINODE_IDS\fR,...]
The nodes on which to apply the updated parameters.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmemcache/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command applies updated parameters to nodes 'node\-1' and
\'node\-2' of a Memcached instance with the name 'my\-memcache\-instance' in
region 'us\-central1'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache instances apply\-parameters \e
    my\-memcache\-instance \-\-node\-ids=node\-1,node\-2 \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache instances apply\-parameters
.RE

