
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-VPN\-GATEWAYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways create \- create a target VPN Gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways create\fR is used to
create a target VPN Gateway. A target VPN Gateway can reference one or more VPN
tunnels that connect it to external VPN gateways. A VPN Gateway may also be
referenced by one or more forwarding rules that define which packets the gateway
is responsible for routing.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the Target VPN Gateway to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
A reference to a network in this project to contain the VPN Gateway.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the Target VPN Gateway to create. If not specified, you will be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-vpn\-gateways create
$ gcloud beta compute target\-vpn\-gateways create
.RE

