
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_DATASOURCES_DATASTORE_INSPECT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp datasources datastore inspect \- schedules a job to inspect content in a Cloud Datastore



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp datasources datastore inspect\fR \fIDATASTORE_KIND\fR [\fB\-\-exclude\-info\-types\fR] [\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR] [\fB\-\-info\-types\fR=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-findings\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-findings\-per\-item\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS_PER_ITEM\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-time\fR=\fIMAX_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-likelihood\fR=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR;\ default="possible"] [\fB\-\-min\-time\fR=\fIMIN_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-table\fR=\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-output\-topics\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Schedules a job to inspect content in a Cloud Datastore for
sensitive data.

.RS 2m
See Inspecting Storage and Databases for Sensitive Data (https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/inspecting\-storage)
for more details.
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATASTORE_KIND\fR
The Cloud Datastore kind or table to scan. The kind can optionally be prefixed
with the Cloud Datastore namespace ID \- for example
\f5namespace:example\-kind\fR or simply \f5example\-kind\fR


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-exclude\-info\-types\fR
Whether or not to exclude type information of the findings. Type information is
included by default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR
If True, a contextual quote from the data that triggered a finding is included
in the response. Even if the content is not text, it may be converted to a
textual representation in the response. For example, given the input value 'My
phone number is (415) 555\-0890' and a search for the infoType PHONE_NUMBER, the
contextual quote would be '(415) 555\-0890.'

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-info\-types\fR=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]
Which infoTypes to scan input for. The values must correspond to infoType values
found in documentation. For more information about valid infoTypes, see
infoTypes Reference (https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/infotypes\-reference)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR
Optional job ID to use for the created job. If not provided, a job ID will
automatically be generated. Must be unique within the project. The job ID can
contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens; that is, it must
match the regular expression: \f5[a\-zA\-Z\e\ed\-]+\fR. The maximum length is
100 characters. Can be empty to allow the system to generate one.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-findings\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS\fR
Maximum number of findings that will be returned per execution.

If not specified, no limits are applied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-findings\-per\-item\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS_PER_ITEM\fR
Maximum number of findings that will be returned for each item scanned.

If not specified, no limits are applied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-time\fR=\fIMAX_TIME\fR
Scan will include items in repository whose age is >= min\-time and <=
max\-time.

If max\-time is omitted then there is no maximum time limit.

See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-likelihood\fR=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR; default="possible"
Only return findings equal to or above this threshold. \fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR must
be one of: \fBlikely\fR, \fBpossible\fR, \fBunlikely\fR, \fBvery\-likely\fR,
\fBvery\-unlikely\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-time\fR=\fIMIN_TIME\fR
Scan will include items in repository whose age is >= min\-time and <=
max\-time.

If max\-time is omitted then there is no maximum time limit.

See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-table\fR=\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR
Publishes results of a Cloud DLP job a BigQuery table. BigQuery tables are
uniquely identified by their project_id, dataset_id, and table_id in the format
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR or
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR. If no table_id is specified, DLP
will create a table for you.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-topics\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]
Publishes the results of a Cloud DLP job to one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

Note: The topic must have given publishing access rights to the DLP API service
account executing the Cloud DLP job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdlp/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a job \f5my\-ds\-job\fR to scan records in Cloud
Datastore table \f5myds:mykind\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dlp datasources datastore inspect  `myds:mykind` \e
    \-\-job\-id my\-ds\-job \-\-min\-time '2018\-01\-01T12:00:00Z' \e
    \-\-max\-time '2018\-01\-31T12:00:00Z' \-\-output\-topics my\-topic \e
    \-\-max\-findings\-per\-item 3 \-\-max\-findings 1000 \e
    \-\-info\-types PHONE_NUMBER,EMAIL_ADDRESS \e
    \-\-min\-likelihood very\-likely \-\-include\-quote \e
    \-\-exclude\-info\-types
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

