
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ARTIFACTS_TAGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta artifacts tags update \- update an Artifact Registry tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta artifacts tags update\fR (\fITAG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-package\fR=\fIPACKAGE\fR\ \fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR) \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an Artifact Registry tag.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The tag does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The specified version or package does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to update tags.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The specified package format doesn't support tag operations (e.g. maven).
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag resource \- The Artifact Registry tag to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [tag] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAG\fR
ID of the tag or fully qualified identifier for the tag. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag. Overrides the default artifacts/location property value for
this command invocation. To configure the default location, use the command:
gcloud config set artifacts/location.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-package\fR=\fIPACKAGE\fR
The package associated with the tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR
The repository associated with the tag. Overrides the default
artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To configure
the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version associated with the tag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBartifactregistry/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a tag with the name \f5my\-tag\fR to version \f51.0.0\fR of package
\f5my\-pkg\fR from another version, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts tags update my\-tag \-\-version=1.0.0 \e
    \-\-package=my\-pkg
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts tags update
.RE

