
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONFIG_CONFIGURATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha config configurations \- manage the set of gcloud named configurations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha config configurations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the set of gcloud named configurations.

See \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR for an overview of named configurations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBactivate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Activates an existing named configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a new named configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a named configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a named configuration by listing its properties.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists existing named configurations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config configurations
$ gcloud beta config configurations
.RE

