
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TPUS_EXECUTION\-GROUPS_RESUME" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute tpus execution\-groups resume \- creates Google Compute TPU and resumes the VM



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute tpus execution\-groups resume\fR \fIEXECUTION_GROUP_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR;\ default="v2\-8"] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-preemptible\fR] [\fB\-\-tf\-version\fR=\fITF_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-vm\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates Google Compute TPU and resumes the VM.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIEXECUTION_GROUP_NAME\fR
The execution group name to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR; default="v2\-8"
TPU accelerator type for the TPU. If not specified, this defaults to
\f5v2\-8\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
Set to the network that was originally used creating the suspended Cloud TPU and
Compute Engine VM. (It defaults to using the 'default' network.)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\fR
Create a preemptible Cloud TPU, instead of a normal (non\-preemptible) Cloud
TPU. A preemptible Cloud TPU costs less per hour, but the Cloud TPU service can
stop/terminate the node at any time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tf\-version\fR=\fITF_VERSION\fR
Set the version of TensorFlow to the version originally set when creating the
suspended Cloud TPU and Compute Engine VM . (It defaults to auto\-selecting the
latest stable release.)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-only\fR
Do not allocate a TPU, only allocate a VM (useful if you're not ready to run on
a TPU yet).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the tpu to resume. If not specified and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR
property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

