
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_REGISTRIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot registries update \- update a device registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot registries update\fR (\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-enable\-http\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-mqtt\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-state\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fISTATE_PUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fB\-\-event\-notification\-config\fR=[\fIsubfolder\fR=\fISUBFOLDER\fR],[\fItopic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR]\ |\ \fB\-\-event\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIEVENT_PUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a device registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

REGISTRY \- The device registry to update. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on
the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-http\-config\fR
Whether to allow device connections to the HTTP bridge.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-mqtt\-config\fR
Whether to allow MQTT connections to this device registry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fISTATE_PUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
A Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic name for state notifications.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-event\-notification\-config\fR=[\fIsubfolder\fR=\fISUBFOLDER\fR],[\fItopic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR]
The configuration for notification of telemetry events received from the device.
This flag can be specified multiple times to add multiple configs to the device
registry. Configs are added to the registry in the order the flags are
specified. Only one config with an empty subfolder field is allowed and must be
specified last.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtopic\fR
A Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic name for event notifications

.TP 2m
\fBsubfolder\fR
If the subfolder name matches this string exactly, this configuration will be
used to publish telemetry events. If empty all strings are matched.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-event\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIEVENT_PUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
(DEPRECATED) A Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic name for event notifications

Flag \-\-event\-pubsub\-topic is deprecated. Use \-\-event\-notification\-config
instead.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries update
$ gcloud alpha iot registries update
.RE

