
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EMULATORS_DATASTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta emulators datastore \- manage your local datastore emulator



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta emulators datastore\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This set of commands allows you to start and use a local datastore
emulator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR
The directory to be used to store/retrieve data/config for an emulator run. The
default value is \f5<USER_CONFIG_DIR>/emulators/datastore\fR. The value of
USER_CONFIG_DIR can be found by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='get(config.paths.global_config_dir)'
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBenv\-init\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Print the commands required to export env variables of a datastore.

.TP 2m
\fBenv\-unset\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Print the commands required to unset a datastore emulators env
variables.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Start a local datastore emulator.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a local datastore emulator, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators datastore start
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha emulators datastore
.RE

