
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_ADD\-JOB_HIVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job hive \- add a Hive job to the workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job hive\fR \fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR (\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR) (\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a Hive job to the workflow template.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR
The step ID of the job in the workflow template.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
A Hive query to execute as part of the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
HCFS URI of file containing Hive script to execute as the job.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to add job to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-workflow\-template] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
Whether to continue if a single query fails.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the Hive and MR. May contain
UDFs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-params\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to set variables in the Hive queries.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to configure Hive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]
(Optional) List of step IDs to start this job after.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add a Hive job executing query 'QUERY' to a the workflow template
\'my\-workflow\-template' in region 'us\-central1' with step\-id 'my\-step\-id'
, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job hive \e
    \-\-step\-id=my\-step_id \-e=QUERY \e
    \-\-workflow\-template=my\-workflow\-template \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job hive
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job hive
.RE

