
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-AUTOHEALING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-autohealing \- set autohealing policy for managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-autohealing\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR] [\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed
set\-autohealing\fR updates the autohealing policy for an existing managed
instance group.

If \-\-http\-health\-check or \-\-https\-health\-check is specified, the
resulting autohealing policy will be triggered by the health\-check i.e. the
autohealing action (RECREATE) on an instance will be performed if the
health\-check signals that the instance is UNHEALTHY. If neither
\-\-http\-health\-check nor \-\-https\-health\-check is specified, the resulting
autohealing policy will be triggered by instance's status i.e. the autohealing
action (RECREATE) on an instance will be performed if the instance.status is not
RUNNING. \-\-initial\-delay specifies the length of the period during which IGM
will refrain from autohealing the instance even if the instance is reported as
not RUNNING or UNHEALTHY. This value must be from range [0, 3600].



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR
Specifies the length of the period during which the instance is known to be
initializing and should not be autohealed even if unhealthy. This value cannot
be greater than 1 hour. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
Name of the health check to operate on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
Specifies the HTTP health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
Specifies the HTTPS health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-autohealing
.RE

