
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_PLUGINS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments storage plugins list \- list the plugins for a Cloud Composer environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments storage plugins list\fR (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List the plugins for a Cloud Composer environment.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment for which to list plugins.. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
The ID of the environment or a fully qualified identifier for the environment.
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine zone in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

