
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-DISK\-AUTO\-DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete \- set auto\-delete behavior for disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR) [\fB\-\-no\-auto\-delete\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB$gcloud beta compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR is
used to configure the auto\-delete behavior for disks attached to Google Compute
Engine virtual machines. When auto\-delete is on, the persistent disk is deleted
when the instance it is attached to is deleted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\-name\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR
Specifies a disk to set auto\-delete for by its device name, which is the name
that the guest operating system sees. The device name is set at the time that
the disk is attached to the instance, and need not be the same as the persistent
disk name. If the disk's device name is specified, then its persistent disk name
must not be specified using the \f5\fI\-\-disk\fR\fR flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\fR=\fIDISK\fR
Specifies a disk to set auto\-delete for by its resource name. If you specify a
disk to set auto\-delete for by persistent disk name, then you must not specify
its device name using the \f5\fI\-\-device\-name\fR\fR flag.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-delete\fR
Enables auto\-delete for the given disk. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-auto\-delete\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete
$ gcloud alpha compute instances set\-disk\-auto\-delete
.RE

