
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_INSTANCES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances describe \- describe an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances describe\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes the given instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to describe. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBremotebuildexecution/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/remote\-build\-execution/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following will describe the instance named 'instance1' for the active
project:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances describe instance1
.RE

You can also provide the fully qualified resource name for the instance like so:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances describe \e
    projects/my_project/instances/instance1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

