
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_ENABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys versions enable \- enable a given version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys versions enable\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enables the specified version within the given key.

Only a version which is Disabled can be Enabled.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to enable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command enables version 3 of key \f5frodo\fR within keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions enable 3 \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-key=frodo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions enable
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions enable
.RE

