
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments storage \- manage Cloud Storage objects stored as part of Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments storage\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha composer environments storage command group lets
you manage DAGs, Airflow plugins and data used inside your Cloud Composer
Environments.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdags\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage DAGs for Cloud Composer environments.

.TP 2m
\fBdata\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage data for Cloud Composer environments.

.TP 2m
\fBplugins\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage plugins for Cloud Composer environments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments storage
$ gcloud beta composer environments storage
.RE

