
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_LIST\-CDN\-CACHE\-INVALIDATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations \- list Cloud CDN cache invalidations for a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List Cloud CDN cache invalidations for a URL map. A cache
invalidation instructs Cloud CDN to stop using cached content. You can list
invalidations to check which have completed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP\fR
Name of the URL map to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of invalidations to list.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to describe. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps list\-cdn\-cache\-invalidations
.RE

