
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSET_FEEDS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta asset feeds create \- create a Cloud Asset Inventory Feed



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta asset feeds create\fR \fIFEED_ID\fR \fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR (\fB\-\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET_NAMES\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]) (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new Cloud Asset Inventory Feed for updates on assets.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFEED_ID\fR
Asset feed identifier being created, it must be unique under the specified
parent resource project/folder/organization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
Name of the Cloud Pub/Sub topic to publish to, of the form
\f5projects/PROJECT_ID/topics/TOPIC_ID\fR. You can list existing topics with
\f5gcloud pubsub topics list \-\-format="text(name)"\fR

.TP 2m

At least one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET_NAMES\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of the full names of the assets to receive updates. For
example:
\f5//compute.googleapis.com/projects/my_project_123/zones/zone1/instances/instance1\fR.
See https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#full_resource_name for
more information.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of types of the assets types to receive updates. For
example: \f5compute.googleapis.com/Disk,compute.googleapis.com/Network\fR See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview
for all supported asset types.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder of the feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization of the feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
project of the feed.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR
Asset content type. If not specified, no content but the asset name and type
will be returned in the feed. To read more see
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview#asset_content_type.
\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBresource\fR, \fBiam\-policy\fR,
\fBorg\-policy\fR, \fBaccess\-policy\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new feed 'feed1' in project 'p1' which alerts on compute disks and
network resources types, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset feeds create feed1 \-\-project=p1
\-\-asset\-types=compute.googleapis.com/Network,compute.googleapis.com/Disk
\-\-content\-type=resource \-\-pubsub\-topic=projects/project1/topics/feed\-topic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset feeds create
$ gcloud alpha asset feeds create
.RE

