
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES_FIELDS_RENAME" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields rename \- rename a Cloud Data Catalog tag template field



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields rename\fR (\fIFIELD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR) \fB\-\-new\-id\fR=\fINEW_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Rename a Cloud Data Catalog tag template field.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag template field resource \- Tag template field to rename. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [field] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFIELD\fR
ID of the tag template field or fully qualified identifier for the tag template
field. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
Tag template of the tag template field.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-new\-id\fR=\fINEW_ID\fR
New ID of the tag template field.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update the ID of a tag template field:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields rename FIELD \e
    \-\-new\-id="new\-id"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog tag\-templates fields rename
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields rename
.RE

