
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_VPN\-GATEWAYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN Gateways



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR read and manipulate Highly Available VPN Gateways.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN Gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-status\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get status of a Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN
Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN Gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN gateway.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute vpn\-gateways
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-gateways
.RE

