
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog tags create \- create a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog tags create\fR \fB\-\-tag\-file\fR=\fITAG_FILE\fR (\fB\-\-entry\fR=\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) (\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\-location\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\-project\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-file\fR=\fITAG_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the tag.

The file should contain a JSON/YAML object with a key and value for each field
that should be set. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on how to
specify timestamp fields.

For example:

.RS 2m
{
  "dbl_field": 123,
  "str_field": "String",
  "bool_field": true,
  "ts_field": "1970\-01\-01T00:00:00.000Z",
  "enum_field": "ENUM_A",
}
.RE

.TP 2m

Entry resource \- Entry to attach the tag to. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-entry] on the command line with a
fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\fR=\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the entry or fully qualified identifier for the entry. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Tag template resource \- Tag template. \f5\-\-tag\-template\-location\fR
defaults to the tag's location. \f5\-\-tag\-template\-project\fR defaults to the
tag's project. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
of this resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the tag template or fully qualified identifier for the tag template. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\-location\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_LOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\-project\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE_PROJECT\fR
Project of the tag template.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR
Scope within the parent resource that the tag is attached to. Scopes allow users
to attach tags to individual columns based on the parent resource's schema. To
attach a tag to a nested column, use '.' to separate the column names:
\'outer_column.inner_column'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Create a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tags create \-\-entry=ENTRY \e
    \-\-tag\-template=TAG_TEMPLATE \-\-tag\-file=TAG_FILE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tags create
.RE

