
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_CONNECTION\-PROFILES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles delete \- delete a Database Migration Service connection profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles delete\fR (\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a connection profile. A connection profile can only be
deleted if it is not in use by any active migration jobs.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- Connection profile resource \- Connection profile
to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[connection_profile] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Cloud SQL replica database is also deleted (only for Cloud SQL connection
profiles).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatamigration/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datamigration/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a connection profile:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles delete \e
  CONNECTION_PROFILE \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

