
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_REALMS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers realms describe \- describe a Realm



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers realms describe\fR (\fIREALM\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Game Server Realm.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe Realm 'my\-realm' in project 'my\-project' and location
\'my\-location', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers realms describe my\-realm \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-location=my\-location
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Realm resource \- Cloud Game Server Realm to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [realm] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREALM\fR
ID of the realm or fully qualified identifier for the realm. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud game servers realms describe
$ gcloud beta game servers realms describe
.RE

