
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_UNMANAGED_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete \- delete Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete\fR
deletes one or more Google Compute Engine unmanaged instance groups. This
command just deletes the instance group and does not delete the individual
virtual machine instances in the instance group. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete \e
    example\-instance\-group\-1 example\-instance\-group\-2 \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

The above example deletes two instance groups, example\-instance\-group\-1 and
example\-instance\-group\-2, in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the instance groups to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance groups to delete. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups unmanaged delete
.RE

