
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_JOBS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc jobs \- submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc jobs\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBsubmit\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Submit Google Cloud Dataproc jobs to execute on a cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete the record of an inactive job.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the details of a job.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for a job.

.TP 2m
\fBkill\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Kill an active job.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List jobs in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a job.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update the labels for a job.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the output of a job as it runs or after it completes.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To learn about the types of jobs that can be submitted, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs submit
.RE

To view the output of a job as it runs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs wait job_id
.RE

To cancel an active job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs kill job_id
.RE

To view the details of a job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs describe job_id
.RE

To see the list of all jobs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs list
.RE

To delete the record of an inactive job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs delete job_id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs
.RE

