
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds triggers export \- export a build trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds triggers export\fR \fITRIGGER\fR \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIPATH\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a build trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Trigger resource \- Build Trigger. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [TRIGGER] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITRIGGER\fR
ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIPATH\fR
File path where trigger should be exported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export a trigger to a file called trigger.yaml:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers export my\-trigger \e
    \-\-destination=trigger.yaml
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds triggers export
.RE

