
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add an IAM policy binding to a node group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fINODE_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a node group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Node group resource \- The node group to which to add an IAM policy binding. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [node_group] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINODE_GROUP\fR
ID of the node_group or fully qualified identifier for the node_group. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/beta\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.admin' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a node group with
identifier 'my\-node\-group':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-node\-group \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

For a service account \f5test\-proj1@example.domain.com\fR, the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.admin' to
the given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/compute.admin' for all authenticated users on a node group with
identifier 'my\-node\-group':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-node\-group \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

