
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_DATASETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare datasets create \- create a Cloud Healthcare API dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare datasets create\fR (\fIDATASET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud Healthcare API dataset



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dataset resource \- Cloud Healthcare API dataset to create. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dataset] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATASET\fR
ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR
Default timezone used by this dataset.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a dataset called 'test\-dataset' in us\-central1, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare datasets create test\-dataset
.RE

To create a dataset in a different region (ex: asia\-northeast1), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare datasets create test\-dataset \e
    \-\-location=asia\-northeast1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare datasets create
.RE

