
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_WORKLOAD\-IDENTITY\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools \- manage IAM WorkloadIdentityPools



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing IAM WorkloadIdentityPools.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage IAM WorkloadIdentityPool long running operations.

.TP 2m
\fBproviders\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage IAM WorkloadIdentityPoolProviders.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new WorkloadIdentityPool.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a WorkloadIdentityPool.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a WorkloadIdentityPool.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List WorkloadIdentityPools.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undelete a WorkloadIdentityPool.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a WorkloadIdentityPool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools
.RE

