
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks subnets update \- updates properties of an existing Google Compute Engine subnetwork



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks subnets update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-drain\-timeout\fR=\fIDRAIN_TIMEOUT\fR;\ default="0s"] [\fB\-\-logging\-aggregation\-interval\fR=\fILOGGING_AGGREGATION_INTERVAL\fR] [\fB\-\-logging\-flow\-sampling\fR=\fILOGGING_FLOW_SAMPLING\fR] [\fB\-\-logging\-metadata\fR=\fILOGGING_METADATA\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]\ |\ \fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-flow\-logs\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]\ |\ \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Updates properties of an existing Google Compute Engine subnetwork.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the subnetwork to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-drain\-timeout\fR=\fIDRAIN_TIMEOUT\fR; default="0s"
The time period for draining traffic from Internal HTTP(S) Load Balancer proxies
that are assigned addresses in the current ACTIVE subnetwork. For example,
\f5\fI1h\fR\fR, \f5\fI60m\fR\fR and \f5\fI3600s\fR\fR each specify a duration of
1 hour for draining the traffic. Longer times reduce the number of proxies that
are draining traffic at any one time, and so improve the availability of proxies
for load balancing. The drain timeout is only applicable when the
[\-\-role=ACTIVE] flag is being used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-logging\-aggregation\-interval\fR=\fILOGGING_AGGREGATION_INTERVAL\fR
Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
Toggles the aggregation interval for collecting flow logs. Increasing the
interval time will reduce the amount of generated flow logs for long lasting
connections. Default is an interval of 5 seconds per connection.
\fILOGGING_AGGREGATION_INTERVAL\fR must be one of: \fBinterval\-10\-min\fR,
\fBinterval\-15\-min\fR, \fBinterval\-1\-min\fR, \fBinterval\-30\-sec\fR,
\fBinterval\-5\-min\fR, \fBinterval\-5\-sec\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-logging\-flow\-sampling\fR=\fILOGGING_FLOW_SAMPLING\fR
Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled. The
value of the field must be in [0, 1]. Set the sampling rate of VPC flow logs
within the subnetwork where 1.0 means all collected logs are reported and 0.0
means no logs are reported. Default is 0.5 which means half of all collected
logs are reported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-logging\-metadata\fR=\fILOGGING_METADATA\fR
Can only be specified if VPC flow logging for this subnetwork is enabled.
Configures whether metadata fields should be added to the reported VPC flow
logs. Default is to include all metadata. \fILOGGING_METADATA\fR must be one of:
\fBexclude\-all\fR, \fBinclude\-all\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the subnetwork to update. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]
Adds secondary IP ranges to the subnetwork for use in IP aliasing.

For example, \f5\-\-add\-secondary\-ranges range1=192.168.64.0/24\fR adds a
secondary range 192.168.64.0/24 with name range1.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5RANGE_NAME\fR \- Name of the secondary range.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5RANGE\fR \- \f5IP range in CIDR format.\fR
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-flow\-logs\fR
Enable/disable VPC flow logging for this subnet. More information for VPC flow
logs can be found at https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using\-flow\-logs. Use
\fB\-\-enable\-flow\-logs\fR to enable and \fB\-\-no\-enable\-flow\-logs\fR to
disable.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR
Enable/disable access to Google Cloud APIs from this subnet for instances
without a public ip address. Use \fB\-\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR
to enable and \fB\-\-no\-enable\-private\-ip\-google\-access\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-secondary\-ranges\fR=\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[...]
Removes secondary ranges from the subnetwork.

For example, \f5\-\-remove\-secondary\-ranges range2,range3\fR removes the
secondary ranges with names range2 and range3.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role is set to ACTIVE to update a BACKUP reserved address range to be the
new ACTIVE address range. Note that the only supported value for this flag is
ACTIVE since setting an address range to BACKUP is not supported.

This field is only valid when updating a reserved IP address range used for the
purpose of Internal HTTP(S) Load Balancer.

\fIROLE\fR must be (currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBACTIVE\fR
The ACTIVE subnet that is currently used.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks subnets update
$ gcloud beta compute networks subnets update
.RE

