
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns policies create \- creates a new Cloud DNS policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns policies create\fR \fIPOLICY\fR \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fIURL\fR,...] [\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a new Cloud DNS policy.

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new policy with minimal arguments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns policies create mypolicy \e
\-\-description 'My new policy test policy 5' \e
\-\-networks=''
.RE

To create a new policy with all optional arguments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns policies create mypolicy \e
\-\-description 'My new policy test policy 5' \e
\-\-networks network1,network2 \e
\-\-alternative\-name\-servers 192.168.1.1,192.168.1.2
\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The name of the policy you want to create. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY\fR
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fIURL\fR,...]
The comma separated list of network names to associate with the policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,...]
List of alternative name servers to forward to. Must be a comma separated list
of IPv4 addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR
Specifies whether to allow networks bound to this policy to receive DNS queries
sent by VMs or applications over VPN connections. Defaults to False.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdns/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://developers.google.com/cloud\-dns



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

