
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SWITCH\-MODE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks switch\-mode \- switch the mode of a Google Compute Engine network



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks switch\-mode\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR \f5switch\-mode\fR is deprecated. Please use
\f5\-\-switch\-to\-custom\-subnet\-mode\fR with \f5gcloud compute networks
update\fR instead.

\fBgcloud beta compute networks switch\-mode\fR is used to change the mode of a
network. Currently, only changing from auto to custom mode is supported.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the network for which to switch mode.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
The target mode of the network. Only support "custom" now.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To switch \f5\fINETWORK\fR\fR to custom subnet mode, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks switch\-mode NETWORK \-\-mode custom
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks switch\-mode
$ gcloud alpha compute networks switch\-mode
.RE

