
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_RESET\-ADMIN\-PASSWORD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta active\-directory domains reset\-admin\-password \- reset the admin password for a Managed Microsoft AD domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta active\-directory domains reset\-admin\-password\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Reset the delegated admin password for a Managed Microsoft AD
domain given a valid AD domain fully\-qualified domain name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The AD domain specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given AD domain.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to reset the
password for. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1beta1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command resets the admin password for an AD domain with the name
\f5my\-domain.com\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains reset\-admin\-password \e
    my\-domain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains reset\-admin\-password
.RE

