
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub topics update \- updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub topics update\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Name of the topic to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [topic] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Message storage policy options. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
A list of one or more Cloud regions where messages are allowed to be stored at
rest.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy\fR
If given, Cloud Pub/Sub will recompute the regions where messages can be stored
at rest, based on your organization's "Resource Location Restriction" policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update existing labels on a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update mytopic \e
  \-\-update\-labels=KEY1=VAL1,KEY2=VAL2
.RE

To clear all labels on a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update mytopic \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To remove an existing label on a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update mytopic \-\-remove\-labels=KEY1,KEY2
.RE

To update a Cloud Pub/Sub topic's message storage policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update mytopic \e
  \-\-message\-storage\-policy\-allowed\-regions=some\-cloud\-region1,\e
some\-cloud\-region2
.RE

To recompute a Cloud Pub/Sub topic's message storage policy based on your
organization's "Resource Location Restriction" policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics update mytopic \e
  \-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics update
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics update
.RE

