
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ADDRESSES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute addresses update \- update a Google Compute Engine address



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute addresses update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute addresses update\fR updates labels for a
Google Compute Engine address. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses update example\-address \e
    \-\-region us\-central1 \e
  \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

will add/update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with
key \f5\fIk3\fR\fR.

Labels can be used to identify the address and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses describe example\-address \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the address to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute addresses update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the address is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the address to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute addresses update
.RE

