
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_APPLICATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee applications list \- list Apigee applications



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee applications list\fR [\fB\-\-developer\fR=\fIDEVELOPER\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Apigee applications.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Developer resource \- Apigee organization, and optionally developer, whose
applications should be listed. If developer is not specified, all developers
will be listed. To get a list of valid developers, run:

$ gcloud alpha apigee developers list

The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-developer\fR=\fIDEVELOPER\fR
ID of the developer or fully qualified identifier for the developer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization containing the developer. If unspecified, the Cloud Platform
project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all Apigee applications in the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee applications list
.RE

To list all Apigee applications belonging to the developer
\f5\fIhorse@example.com\fR\fR in an Apigee organization called
\f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR, formatted as JSON, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee applications list \e
  \-\-developer=horse@example.com \-\-organization=my\-org \e
  \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee applications list
$ gcloud beta apigee applications list
.RE

