
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_POLICY_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container binauthz policy remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding of a Binary Authorization policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container binauthz policy remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding of a Binary Authorization policy.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbinaryauthorization/v1alpha2\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/binary\-authorization/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To Remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/binaryauthorization.attestationAuthoritiesEditor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the current project's Binary Authorization policy,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz policy remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/binaryauthorization.attestationAuthoritiesEditor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz policy remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

