
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
removes an IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine instance's access
policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to remove the IAM policy binding from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to remove the IAM policy binding from. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the
zone by searching for resources in your project. If the zone cannot be
determined, you will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin'
for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on instance with identifier 'my\-instance',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-instance \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin'
from all authenticated users on instance 'my\-instance', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-instance \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

