
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROLLING\-UPDATES_RESUME" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates resume \- resume an existing update



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates resume\fR \fIUPDATE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Resume an existing update.

This command group is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups
managed rolling\-action\fR command group instead.

Resumes the update in state ROLLING_FORWARD or PAUSED (fails if the update is in
any other state). No\-op if invoked in state ROLLED_OUT.

Resume continues applying the new template and should be used when rollback was
started, but the user decided to proceed with the update.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUPDATE\fR
Update id.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Rolling update zone name. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property
value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

