
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_JOB\-TRIGGERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp job\-triggers create \- creates a Cloud DLP job trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp job\-triggers create\fR \fIJOB_TRIGGER\fR \fB\-\-trigger\-schedule\fR=\fITRIGGER_SCHEDULE\fR (\fB\-\-datastore\-kind\fR=\fIDATASTORE_KIND\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-input\-table\fR=\fIINPUT_TABLE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR) (\fB\-\-output\-table\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-output\-topics\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-exclude\-info\-types\fR] [\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR] [\fB\-\-info\-types\fR=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-findings\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-findings\-per\-item\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS_PER_ITEM\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-likelihood\fR=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR;\ default="possible"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a Cloud DLP job trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job trigger resource \- The Cloud DLP job trigger to create. The job trigger
name can contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens \-\- that
is, it must match the regular expression:\f5[a\-zA\-Z\e\ed\-]+\fR. The maximum
length is 100 characters. If not supplied, the system generates one. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [job_trigger] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB_TRIGGER\fR
ID of the job_trigger or fully qualified identifier for the job_trigger.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-schedule\fR=\fITRIGGER_SCHEDULE\fR
Duration specifying how often the triggered job will be run. A scheduled start
time will be skipped if the previous execution has not ended when its scheduled
time occurs. Value must be a time duration greater than or equal to 1 day and
can be no longer than 60 days.

See \f5$ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration formats.\fR

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-datastore\-kind\fR=\fIDATASTORE_KIND\fR
The Cloud Datastore kind or table to scan. The kind can optionally be prefixed
with the Cloud Datastore namespace ID \- for example
\f5namespace:example\-kind\fR or simply \f5example\-kind\fR

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-input\-table\fR=\fIINPUT_TABLE\fR
BigQuery table to scan. BigQuery tables are uniquely identified by their
project_id, dataset_id, and table_id in the format
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Google Cloud Storage URL to scan for files with optional wildcard character
(\f5*\fR) \-\- for example, gs://my\-bucket/\f5*\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-table\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR,...]
Publishes results of a Cloud DLP job a BigQuery table. BigQuery tables are
uniquely identified by their project_id, dataset_id, and table_id in the format
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-topics\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]
Publishes the results of a Cloud DLP job to one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

Note: The topic must have given publishing access rights to the DLP API service
account executing the Cloud DLP job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
User provided description (maximum 256 characters)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Display name of the job trigger (maximum 100 characters)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-exclude\-info\-types\fR
Whether or not to exclude type information of the findings. Type information is
included by default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR
If True, a contextual quote from the data that triggered a finding is included
in the response. Even if the content is not text, it may be converted to a
textual representation in the response. For example, given the input value 'My
phone number is (415) 555\-0890' and a search for the infoType PHONE_NUMBER, the
contextual quote would be '(415) 555\-0890.'

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-info\-types\fR=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]
Which infoTypes to scan input for. The values must correspond to infoType values
found in documentation. For more information about valid infoTypes, see
infoTypes Reference (https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/infotypes\-reference)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-findings\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS\fR
Maximum number of findings that will be returned per execution.

If not specified, no limits are applied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-findings\-per\-item\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS_PER_ITEM\fR
Maximum number of findings that will be returned for each item scanned.

If not specified, no limits are applied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-likelihood\fR=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR; default="possible"
Only return findings equal to or above this threshold. \fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR must
be one of: \fBlikely\fR, \fBpossible\fR, \fBunlikely\fR, \fBvery\-likely\fR,
\fBvery\-unlikely\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdlp/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a job trigger named \f5my_job_trigger\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dlp job\-triggers create my_job_trigger \e
    \-\-display\-name Daily_Inspect_Trigger \e
    \-\-description 'My New Trigger' \e
    \-\-input\-table myproject.mydataset.input \e
    \-\-output\-topics my\-topic \-\-max\-findings\-per\-item 3 \e
    \-\-max\-findings 1000 \e
    \-\-info\-types PHONE_NUMBER,US_DRIVERS_LICENSE \e
    \-\-min\-likelihood very\-likely \-\-include\-quote \e
    \-\-exclude\-info\-types \-\-trigger\-schedule 8400s
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

