
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_ENDPOINTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha service\-directory endpoints create \- create an endpoint



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha service\-directory endpoints create\fR (\fIENDPOINT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR) [\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create an endpoint.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Endpoint resource \- The Service Directory endpoint to create. The endpoint id
must be 1\-63 characters long and match the regular expression
\f5[a\-z](?:[\-a\-z0\-9]{0,61}[a\-z0\-9])?\fR which means the first character
must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash,
lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[endpoint] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENDPOINT\fR
ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
The name of the namespace for the endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The name of the service for the endpoint.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-address\fR=\fIADDRESS\fR
IPv4 or IPv6 address of the endpoint. If unspecified, the default is empty
string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata for the endpoint.

Metadata takes the form of key/value string pairs. The total dictionary is
limited to 512 characters.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Port that the endpoint is running on, must be in the range of [0, 65535]. If
unspecified, the default is 0.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Service Directory endpoint, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory endpoints create my\-endpoint \e
    \-\-service=my\-service \-\-namespace=my\-namespace \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-address=1.2.3.4 \-\-port=5 \e
    \-\-metadata=a=b,c=d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory endpoints create
.RE

