
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys versions describe \- get metadata for a given version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys versions describe\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-attestation\-file\fR=\fIATTESTATION_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns metadata for the given version.

The optional flag \f5attestation\-file\fR specifies file to write the
attestation object into. The attestation object enables the user to verify the
integrity and provenance of the key. See
https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/attest\-key for more information about
attestations.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestation\-file\fR=\fIATTESTATION_FILE\fR
Path to the output attestation file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command returns metadata for version 2 within key \f5frodo\fR
within the keyring \f5fellowship\fR in the location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions describe 2 \-\-key frodo \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \-\-location us\-east1
.RE

For key versions with protection level \f5HSM\fR, use the
\f5\-\-attestation\-file\fR flag to save the attestation to a local file.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions describe 2 \-\-key frodo \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \-\-location us\-east1 \e
    \-\-attestation\-file path/to/attestation.dat
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions describe
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions describe
.RE

