
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SSL\-CERTIFICATES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates list \- list Google Compute Engine SSL certificates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates list\fR displays all
Google Compute Engine SSL certificates in a project.

By default, global SSL certificates and SSL certificates from all regions are
listed. The results can be narrowed down by providing the \f5\fI\-\-global\fR\fR
or \f5\fI\-\-regions\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of
resources.

Argument \f5NAME\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name=( 'NAME' ... )"\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
(DEPRECATED) Regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names
that do not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

Flag \f5\-\-regexp\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name~'REGEXP'"\fR
instead.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, only global resources are shown.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, only regional resources are shown. If arguments are
provided, only resources from the given regions are shown.

Flag \f5\-\-regions\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="region:( REGION ...
)"\fR instead. For example \f5\-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 europe\-west2
)"\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all SSL certificates in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates list
.RE

To list the URIs of all SSL certificates in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all global SSL certificates in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates list \-\-global
.RE

To list all SSL certificates in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, given they are regional resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates list \e
    \-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 us\-central1 )"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssl\-certificates list
$ gcloud beta compute ssl\-certificates list
.RE

