
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LIFESCIENCES_OPERATIONS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha lifesciences operations cancel \- cancel a Cloud Life Sciences operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha lifesciences operations cancel\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a Cloud Life Sciences operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Cloud Life Sciences operation to cancel. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBlifesciences/v2beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/life\-sciences



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel an operation called \f5my\-operation\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha lifesciences operations cancel my\-operation
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta lifesciences operations cancel
.RE

