
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SSH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute ssh \- SSH into a virtual machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute ssh\fR [\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-command\fR=\fICOMMAND\fR] [\fB\-\-container\fR=\fICONTAINER\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-plain\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-flag\fR=\fISSH_FLAG\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR=\fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-internal\-ip\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tunnel\-through\-iap\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-expiration\fR=\fISSH_KEY_EXPIRATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-ssh\-key\-expire\-after\fR=\fISSH_KEY_EXPIRE_AFTER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fISSH_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute ssh\fR is a thin wrapper around the
\fBssh(1)\fR command that takes care of authentication and the translation of
the instance name into an IP address.

Note, this command does not work when connecting to Windows VMs. To connect to a
Windows instance using a command\-line method, refer to this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/connecting\-to\-instance#windows_cli

The default network comes preconfigured to allow ssh access to all VMs. If the
default network was edited, or if not using the default network, you may need to
explicitly enable ssh access by adding a firewall\-rule:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute firewall\-rules create \-\-network=NETWORK           \e
      default\-allow\-ssh \-\-allow tcp:22
.RE

gcloud alpha compute ssh ensures that the user's public SSH key is present in
the project's metadata. If the user does not have a public SSH key, one is
generated using \fBssh\-keygen(1)\fR (if the \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag is given, the
generated key will have an empty passphrase).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIUSER\fR@]\fIINSTANCE\fR
Specifies the instance to SSH into.

\f5\fIUSER\fR\fR specifies the username with which to SSH. If omitted, the user
login name is used.

\f5\fIINSTANCE\fR\fR specifies the name of the virtual machine instance to SSH
into.

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fISSH_ARGS\fR ...]
Flags and positionals passed to the underlying ssh implementation.


The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and SSH_ARGS on the right. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
\-\- \-vvv \-L 80:%INSTANCE%:80
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-command\fR=\fICOMMAND\fR
A command to run on the virtual machine.

Runs the command on the target instance and then exits.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\fR=\fICONTAINER\fR
The name or ID of a container inside of the virtual machine instance to connect
to. This only applies to virtual machines that are using a Google
Container\-Optimized virtual machine image. For more information, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/containers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Print the equivalent scp/ssh command that would be run to stdout, instead of
executing it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled, the gcloud command\-line tool will regenerate and overwrite the
files associated with a broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both
interactive and non\-interactive environments.

If disabled, the files associated with a broken SSH key will not be regenerated
and will fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environments.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plain\fR
Suppress the automatic addition of \fBssh(1)\fR/\fBscp(1)\fR flags. This flag is
useful if you want to take care of authentication yourself or use specific
ssh/scp features.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-flag\fR=\fISSH_FLAG\fR
Additional flags to be passed to \fBssh(1)\fR. It is recommended that flags be
passed using an assignment operator and quotes. This flag will replace
occurences of \f5\fI%USER%\fR\fR and \f5\fI%INSTANCE%\fR\fR with their
dereferenced values. Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-ssh\-flag="\-vvv" \-\-ssh\-flag="\-L 80:%INSTANCE%:80"
.RE

is equivalent to passing the flags \f5\fI\-\-vvv\fR\fR and \f5\fI\-L
80:162.222.181.197:80\fR\fR to \fBssh(1)\fR if the external IP address of
\'example\-instance' is 162.222.181.197.

If connecting to the instance's external IP, then %INSTANCE% is replaced with
that, otherwise it is replaced with the internal IP.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR=\fISSH_KEY_FILE\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\f5\fI~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-strict\-host\-key\-checking\fR=\fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR
Override the default behavior of StrictHostKeyChecking for the connection. By
default, StrictHostKeyChecking is set to 'no' the first time you connect to an
instance, and will be set to 'yes' for all subsequent connections.
\fISTRICT_HOST_KEY_CHECKING\fR must be one of: \fByes\fR, \fBno\fR, \fBask\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to connect to. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-internal\-ip\fR
Connect to instances using their internal IP addresses rather than their
external IP addresses. Use this to connect from one instance to another on the
same VPC network, over a VPN connection, or between two peered VPC networks.

For this connection to work, you must configure your networks and firewall to
allow SSH connections to the internal IP address of the instance to which you
want to connect.

To learn how to use this flag, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/connecting\-advanced#sshbetweeninstances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tunnel\-through\-iap\fR
Tunnel the ssh connection through the Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-expiration\fR=\fISSH_KEY_EXPIRATION\fR
The time when the ssh key will be valid until, such as
"2017\-08\-29T18:52:51.142Z." This is only valid if the instance is not using OS
Login. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-expire\-after\fR=\fISSH_KEY_EXPIRE_AFTER\fR
The maximum length of time an SSH key is valid for once created and installed,
e.g. 2m for 2 minutes. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To SSH into 'example\-instance' in zone \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

You can also run a command on the virtual machine. For example, to get a
snapshot of the guest's process tree, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-command "ps \-ejH"
.RE

If you are using the Google Container\-Optimized virtual machine image, you can
SSH into one of your containers with:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-container CONTAINER
.RE

You can limit the allowed time to ssh. For example, to allow a key to be used
through 2019:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-ssh\-key\-expiration "2020\-01\-01T00:00:00:00Z"
.RE

Or alternatively, allow access for the next two minutes:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute ssh example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-ssh\-key\-expire\-after 2m
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssh
$ gcloud beta compute ssh
.RE

