
.TH "GCLOUD_REDIS_INSTANCES_FAILOVER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud redis instances failover \- failover a standard tier Cloud Memorystore for Redis instance from the master node to its replica



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud redis instances failover\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-data\-protection\-mode\fR=\fIDATA_PROTECTION_MODE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Failover a standard tier Cloud Memorystore for Redis instance from the master
node to its replica.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the standard tier Cloud
Memorystore for Redis instance you want to failover. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-protection\-mode\fR=\fIDATA_PROTECTION_MODE\fR
Data protection mode to use for the failover. If not specified, defaults to
\'limited\-data\-loss'. \fIDATA_PROTECTION_MODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBforce\-data\-loss\fR
Failover without data loss protection. Can cause significant data loss.
.TP 2m
\fBlimited\-data\-loss\fR
Failover with data loss protection that ensures loss is within system
thresholds.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To failover an instance with the name 'my\-redis\-instance' in region
\'us\-central\-1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances failover my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE

To failover an instance with the name 'my\-redis\-instance' in region
\'us\-central\-1' without attempting to limit data loss, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances failover my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-data\-protection\-mode=force\-data\-loss
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances failover
$ gcloud beta redis instances failover
.RE

