
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCHEDULER_JOBS_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scheduler jobs run \- trigger an on\-demand execution of a job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scheduler jobs run\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Trigger an on\-demand execution of a job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The job you want to run. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line with a fully specified
name; as the location of the current project's App Engine App. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudscheduler/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command runs a jobs:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scheduler jobs run my\-job
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scheduler jobs run
$ gcloud beta scheduler jobs run
.RE

