
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_MOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies move \- move a Google Compute Engine organization security policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies move\fR \fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies move\fR is used to
move is used to move organization security policies to new parent nodes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name or ID of the security policy to move.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
Folder to which the organization security policy is to be moved.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization in which the organization security policy is to be moved. Must be
set if SECURITY_POLICY is display name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To move an organization security policy under folder with ID ``123456789" to
folder ``987654321", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies move move 123456789 \e
    \-\-folder=987654321
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies move
.RE

