
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-BUCKETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets \- read and manipulate backend buckets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Backend buckets define Google Cloud Storage buckets that can serve
content. URL maps define which requests are sent to which backend buckets. For
more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing/http/adding\-a\-backend\-bucket\-to\-content\-based\-load\-balancing.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add Cloud CDN Signed URL key to a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete backend buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-signed\-url\-key\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Cloud CDN Signed URL key from a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine backend buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a backend bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-buckets
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-buckets
.RE

