
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_VERSIONS_DISABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets versions disable \- disable the version of the provided secret



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets versions disable\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Disable the version of the provided secret. It can be re\-enabled
with \f5gcloud beta secrets versions enable\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Version resource \- Numeric secret version to disable or \f5latest\fR to use the
latest version. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [VERSION] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR
The secret of the version.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Disable version '123' of the secret named 'my\-secret':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets versions disable 123 \-\-secret=my\-secret
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets versions disable
.RE

