
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions \- manage Cloud Pubsub subscriptions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Pubsub subscriptions.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBack\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Acknowledges one or more messages on the specified subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.

.TP 2m
\fBmodify\-ack\-deadline\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud
Pub/Sub message.

.TP 2m
\fBmodify\-message\-ack\-deadline\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud Pub/Sub message.

.TP 2m
\fBmodify\-push\-config\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Modifies the push configuration of a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBpull\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Pulls one or more Cloud Pub/Sub messages from a subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBseek\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR This feature is part of an invite\-only release of the Cloud
Pub/Sub API.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a subscription.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR This feature is part of an invite\-only release of the Cloud
Pub/Sub API.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions
.RE

