
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_NODE\-POOLS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container node\-pools update \- updates a node pool in a running cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container node\-pools update\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-node\-locations\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-system\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fISYSTEM_CONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-workload\-metadata\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_METADATA\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-enable\-autoprovisioning\fR\ \fB\-\-enable\-autoscaling\fR\ \fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR=\fIMAX_NODES\fR\ \fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR=\fIMIN_NODES\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-enable\-autorepair\fR\ \fB\-\-enable\-autoupgrade\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-max\-surge\-upgrade\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE_UPGRADE\fR\ \fB\-\-max\-unavailable\-upgrade\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE_UPGRADE\fR) [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha container node\-pools update\fR updates a node
pool in a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the node pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-locations\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
Set of zones in which the node pool's nodes should be located. Changing the
locations for a node pool will result in nodes being either created or removed
from the node pool, depending on whether locations are being added or removed.

Multiple locations can be specified, separated by commas. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools update node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-node\-locations=us\-central1\-a,us\-central1\-b
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-system\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fISYSTEM_CONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR
Path of the YAML/JSON file that contains the node configuration, including Linux
kernel parameters (sysctls) and kubelet configs.

Example:

.RS 2m
kubeletConfig:
  cpuManagerPolicy: static
linuxConfig:
  sysctl:
    net.core.somaxconn: '2048'
    net.ipv4.tcp_rmem: '4096 87380 6291456'
.RE

List of supported kubelet configs in 'kubeletConfig'.


.TS
tab(	);
l(17)B l(34)B
l(17) l(34).
KEY	VALUE
cpuManagerPolicy	either 'static' or 'default'
cpuCFSQuota	true or false (enabled by default)
cpuCFSQuotaPeriod	interval (e.g., '100ms')
.TE

List of supported sysctls in 'linuxConfig'.


.TS
tab(	);
l(42)B l(42)B
l(42) l(42).
KEY	VALUE
net.core.netdev_max_backlog	Any positive integer, less than 2147483647
net.core.rmem_max	Any positive integer, less than 2147483647
net.core.wmem_default	Any positive integer, less than 2147483647
net.core.wmem_max	Any positive integer, less than 2147483647
net.core.optmem_max	Any positive integer, less than 2147483647
net.core.somaxconn	Must be [128, 2147483647]
net.ipv4.tcp_rmem	Any positive integer tuple
net.ipv4.tcp_wmem	Any positive integer tuple
net.ipv4.tcp_tw_reuse	Must be {0, 1}
.TE

Note, updating the system configuration of an existing node pool requires
recreation of the nodes which which might cause a disruption.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workload\-metadata\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_METADATA\fR
Type of metadata server available to pods running in the node pool.
\fIWORKLOAD_METADATA\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBEXPOSED\fR
[DEPRECATED] Pods running in this node pool have access to the node's underlying
Compute Engine Metadata Server.
.TP 2m
\fBGCE_METADATA\fR
Pods running in this node pool have access to the node's underlying Compute
Engine Metadata Server.
.TP 2m
\fBGKE_METADATA\fR
Run the Kubernetes Engine Metadata Server on this node. The Kubernetes Engine
Metadata Server exposes a metadata API to workloads that is compatible with the
V1 Compute Metadata APIs exposed by the Compute Engine and App Engine Metadata
Servers. This feature can only be enabled if Workload Identity is enabled at the
cluster level.
.TP 2m
\fBGKE_METADATA_SERVER\fR
[DEPRECATED] Run the Kubernetes Engine Metadata Server on this node. The
Kubernetes Engine Metadata Server exposes a metadata API to workloads that is
compatible with the V1 Compute Metadata APIs exposed by the Compute Engine and
App Engine Metadata Servers. This feature can only be enabled if Workload
Identity is enabled at the cluster level.
.TP 2m
\fBSECURE\fR
[DPRECATED] Prevents pods not in hostNetwork from accessing certain VM metadata,
specifically kube\-env, which contains Kubelet credentials, and the instance
identity token. This is a temporary security solution available while the
bootstrapping process for cluster nodes is being redesigned with significant
security improvements. This feature is scheduled to be deprecated in the future
and later removed.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Cluster autoscaling

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-autoprovisioning\fR
Enables Cluster Autoscaler to treat the node pool as if it was autoprovisioned.

Cluster Autoscaler will be able to delete the node pool if it's unneeded.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-autoscaling\fR
Enables autoscaling for a node pool.

Enables autoscaling in the node pool specified by \-\-node\-pool or the default
node pool if \-\-node\-pool is not provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR=\fIMAX_NODES\fR
Maximum number of nodes in the node pool.

Maximum number of nodes to which the node pool specified by \-\-node\-pool (or
default node pool if unspecified) can scale. Ignored unless
\-\-enable\-autoscaling is also specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR=\fIMIN_NODES\fR
Minimum number of nodes in the node pool.

Minimum number of nodes to which the node pool specified by \-\-node\-pool (or
default node pool if unspecified) can scale. Ignored unless
\-\-enable\-autoscaling is also specified.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Node management

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-autorepair\fR
Enable node autorepair feature for a node pool.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools update node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \-\-enable\-autorepair
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/how\-to/node\-auto\-repair
for more info.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-autoupgrade\fR
Sets autoupgrade feature for a node pool.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools update node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \-\-enable\-autoupgrade
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/node\-auto\-upgrades for
more info.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Upgrade settings

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-surge\-upgrade\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE_UPGRADE\fR
Number of extra (surge) nodes to be created on each upgrade of the node pool.

Specifies the number of extra (surge) nodes to be created during this node
pool's upgrades. For example, running the following command will result in
creating an extra node each time the node pool is upgraded:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools update node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \-\-max\-surge\-upgrade=1   \e
    \-\-max\-unavailable\-upgrade=0
.RE

Must be used in conjunction with '\-\-max\-unavailable\-upgrade'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\-upgrade\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE_UPGRADE\fR
Number of nodes that can be unavailable at the same time on each upgrade of the
node pool.

Specifies the number of nodes that can be unavailable at the same time during
this node pool's upgrades. For example, assume the node pool has 5 nodes,
running the following command will result in having 3 nodes being upgraded in
parallel (1 + 2), but keeping always at least 3 (5 \- 2) available each time the
node pool is upgraded:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools update node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=example\-cluster \-\-max\-surge\-upgrade=1   \e
    \-\-max\-unavailable\-upgrade=2
.RE

Must be used in conjunction with '\-\-max\-surge\-upgrade'.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The name of the cluster. Overrides the default \fBcontainer/cluster\fR property
value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To turn on node auto repair in "node\-pool\-1" in the cluster "sample\-cluster",
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools update node\-pool\-1 \e
    \-\-cluster=sample\-cluster \-\-enable\-autoupgrade
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools update
$ gcloud beta container node\-pools update
.RE

