
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_INSTANCES_CLONE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql instances clone \- clones a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql instances clone\fR \fISOURCE\fR \fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta sql instances clone\fR creates a clone of the Cloud
SQL instance. The source and the destination instances must be in the same
project. Once created, the clone is an independent Cloud SQL instance.

The binary log coordinates, if specified, act as the point up to which the
source instance is cloned. If not specified, the source instance is cloned up to
the most recent binary log coordinates at the time the command is executed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISOURCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID of the source.

.TP 2m
\fIDESTINATION\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID of the clone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m

Binary log coordinates for point\-in\-time recovery.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR
The name of the binary log file. Enable point\-in\-time recovery on the source
instance to create a binary log file. If specified with <\-\-bin\-log\-position>
to form a valid binary log coordinate, it defines an earlier point in time to
clone a source instance from. For example, mysql\-bin.000001. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR
Represents the state of an instance at any given point in time inside a binary
log file. If specified along with <\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name> to form a valid
binary log coordinate, it defines an earlier point in time to clone a source
instance from. For example, 123 (a numeric value). This flag must be specified
if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To clone a source instance to the most recent binary log coordinates:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta sql instances clone instance\-foo instance\-bar
.RE

To clone at specific binary log coordinates:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta sql instances clone instance\-foo instance\-bar \e
    \-\-bin\-log\-file\-name mysql\-bin.000020 \-\-bin\-log\-position 170
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances clone
$ gcloud alpha sql instances clone
.RE

