
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc clusters describe \- view the details of a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc clusters describe\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

View the details of a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- The name of the cluster to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region for the cluster. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Google
Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a
special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all
Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc
regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view the details of a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters describe my_cluster
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters describe
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters describe
.RE

