
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_INTENTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow intents update \- update a Dialogflow entity type for the agent of the current project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow intents update\fR \fIINTENT\fR [\fB\-\-is\-fallback\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-ml\-enabled\fR] [\fB\-\-other\-properties\fR=[\fIOTHER_PROPERTIES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR] [\fB\-\-responses\fR=[\fIRESPONSES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-training\-phrases\fR=[\fITRAINING_PHRASES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Dialogflow intent for the agent of the current project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Intent resource \- Intent to update. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [intent] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINTENT\fR
ID of the intent or fully qualified identifier for the intent.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-is\-fallback\fR
If true, set this intent as a fallback intent.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ml\-enabled\fR
If true, enable machine learning for the intent. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-ml\-enabled\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-other\-properties\fR=[\fIOTHER_PROPERTIES\fR,...]
Map containing other properties to set on the intent.

Only the properties specified will be updated.

For more information on available properties, see:
https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow\-enterprise/docs/reference/rest/Shared.Types/Intent

To set complex types, specify this flag with \f5\-\-flags\-file\fR. For more
information, see \f5gcloud topics flags\-file\fR.

Other flags take precedence over properties specified here.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of the intent.

Higher numbers represent higher priorities. Zero or negative numbers mean that
the intent is disabled. Default priority is 500000.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-responses\fR=[\fIRESPONSES\fR,...]
Comma separated list of simple text responses to send to the user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-training\-phrases\fR=[\fITRAINING_PHRASES\fR,...]
List of examples or templates.

Can be provided as comma separated unannotated examples or as a list training
phrase objects. To provide training phrase objects, specify the flag with
\f5\-\-flags\-file\fR.

For example, use \f5\-\-flags\-file=flags.yaml\fR, where \f5flags.yaml\fR
contains:

.RS 2m
\-\-training\-phrases:
  \- type: TEMPLATE
    parts:
    \- text: I love the color
    \- text: red
      entityType: <entity_type_id>
      alias: color
.RE

For more information on training phrases, see:
https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow\-enterprise/docs/reference/rest/Shared.Types/Intent#TrainingPhrase

For more information on \f5\-\-flags\-file\fR, see \f5gcloud topics
flags\-file\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the training phrases of an intent:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow intents update \e
    12345678\-1234\-1234\-1234\-1234567890ab \e
    \-\-training\-phrases="example query"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

