
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICES_VPC\-PEERINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta services vpc\-peerings \- VPC Peerings to various services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta services vpc\-peerings\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR VPC Peerings to various services.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage VPC Peering operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconnect\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Connect to a service via VPC peering for a project network.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-vpc\-service\-controls\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Disable VPC Service Controls for a connection.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\-vpc\-service\-controls\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Enable VPC Service Controls for a connection.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List connections to a service via VPC peering for a project
network.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a private service connection to a service for a project
network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services vpc\-peerings
$ gcloud alpha services vpc\-peerings
.RE

