
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSURED_WORKLOADS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha assured workloads update \- update Assured Workloads environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha assured workloads update\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR (\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a given Assured Workloads environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
The Assured Workloads environment resource to update, in the form:
organizations/{ORG_ID}/locations/{LOCATION}/workloads/{WORKLOAD_ID}.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Settings that can be updated on the Assured Workloads environment. At least one
of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The new display name of the Assured Workloads environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The new labels of the Assured Workloads environment, for example,
LabelKey1=LabelValue1,LabelKey2=LabelValue2


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR
The etag acquired by reading the Assured Workloads environment before updating.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a given Assured Workloads environment in the us\-central1 region,
belonging to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456 and an etag of
789 with a new display name of 'Test\-Workload\-2' and a new set of labels
(including any required existing labels) of (key = 'ExistingLabelKey1', value =
\'ExistingLabelValue1') and (key = 'NewLabelKey2', value = 'NewLabelValue2'),
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha assured workloads update \e
    organizations/123/locations/us\-central1/workloads/456 \e
    \-\-display\-name=Test\-Workload\-2 \e
    \-\-labels \e
    ExistingLabelKey1=ExistingLabelValue1,\e
NewLabelKey2=NewLabelValue2 \-\-etag=789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta assured workloads update
.RE

