
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_INSTANCE\-CONFIGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs delete \- delete per instance configs from managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs delete\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-no\-update\-instance\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs
delete\fR deletes one or more per instance configs from a Google Compute Engine
managed instance group.

Changes are applied immediately to the corresponding instances, by performing
the necessary action (for example, REFRESH), unless overridden by providing the
\f5\fI\-\-no\-update\-instance\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Names of instances to delete instance\-configs from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-instance\fR
Apply the configuration changes immediately to the instance. If you disable this
flag, the managed instance group will apply the config update when you next
recreate or update the instance.

Example: say you have an instance with a disk attached to it and you created a
stateful config for the disk. If you decide to delete the stateful config for
the disk and you provide this flag, the MIG immediately refreshes the instance
and removes the stateful config for the disk. Similarly if you have attached a
new disk or changed its definition, with this flag the MIG immediately refreshes
the instance with the new config.

Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-update\-instance\fR to disable.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to delete. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to delete. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the per\-instance config from \f5\fImy\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs \e
    delete my\-group \-\-region=europe\-west4 \-\-instances=my\-instance
.RE

This will remove all metadata and detach all disks that were defined in
per\-instance config (unless also defined in the instance template, in which
case it remains attached).



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed instance\-configs \e
    delete
.RE

