
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PROJECTS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a project, given a
project ID and the binding.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
ID for the project you want to add IAM policy binding to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a project with identifier
\'example\-project\-id\-1'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding example\-project\-id\-1 \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

For a service account \f5test\-proj1@example.domain.com\fR, the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' to the
given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for all authenticated users on a project with identifier
\'example\-project\-id\-1':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding example\-project\-id\-1 \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

