
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_NETWORK\-MANAGEMENT_CONNECTIVITY\-TESTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta network\-management connectivity\-tests update \- update an existing connectivity test



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta network\-management connectivity\-tests update\fR \fICONNECTIVITY_TEST\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-destination\-network\fR=\fIDESTINATION_NETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-destination\-port\fR=\fIDESTINATION_PORT\fR] [\fB\-\-destination\-project\fR=\fIDESTINATION_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-other\-projects\fR=[\fIOTHER_PROJECTS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-protocol\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-network\fR=\fISOURCE_NETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-network\-type\fR=\fISOURCE_NETWORK_TYPE\fR;\ default="gcp\-network"] [\fB\-\-source\-project\fR=\fISOURCE_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-destination\-instance\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-destination\-instance\fR=\fIDESTINATION_INSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-destination\-ip\-address\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-destination\-ip\-address\fR=\fIDESTINATION_IP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-source\-instance\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-source\-ip\-address\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-source\-ip\-address\fR=\fISOURCE_IP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing connectivity test with the given name.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connectivity test resource \- Name of the connectivity test you want to update.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [connectivity_test] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTIVITY_TEST\fR
ID of the connectivity test or fully qualified identifier for the connectivity
test.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the connectivity test.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-network\fR=\fIDESTINATION_NETWORK\fR
A VPC network URI where the destination is located.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-port\fR=\fIDESTINATION_PORT\fR
The IP protocol port of the destination. Only applicable when protocol is TCP or
UDP.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-project\fR=\fIDESTINATION_PROJECT\fR
Project ID of the destination endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-other\-projects\fR=[\fIOTHER_PROJECTS\fR,...]
IDs of other projects involved in the connectivity test, besides the source and
destination project.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-protocol\fR=\fIPROTOCOL\fR
Type of protocol for the test. When not provided, "TCP" is assumed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-network\fR=\fISOURCE_NETWORK\fR
A VPC network URI where the source is located.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-network\-type\fR=\fISOURCE_NETWORK_TYPE\fR; default="gcp\-network"
Type of the network where the source is located. \fISOURCE_NETWORK_TYPE\fR must
be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBgcp\-network\fR
Network in Google Cloud Platform.
.TP 2m
\fBnon\-gcp\-network\fR
Network outside Google Cloud Platform.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-project\fR=\fISOURCE_PROJECT\fR
Project ID of the source endpoint.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-destination\-instance\fR
Clear existing destination instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-instance\fR=\fIDESTINATION_INSTANCE\fR
A Compute Engine instance URI as the destination endpoint.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-destination\-ip\-address\fR
Clear existing destination IP address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-ip\-address\fR=\fIDESTINATION_IP_ADDRESS\fR
The IP address of the destination which can be an external or internal IP. An
IPv6 address is only allowed when the test's destination is a global load
balancer VIP.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-source\-instance\fR
Clear existing source instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR
A Compute Engine instance URI as the source endpoint.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-source\-ip\-address\fR
Clear existing source IP address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-ip\-address\fR=\fISOURCE_IP_ADDRESS\fR
The IP address of the source which can be an external or internal IP. An IPv6
address is only allowed when the test's destination is a global load balancer
VIP.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworkmanagement/v1beta1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates a connectivity test with the name my\-test,
modifying the description and destination IP address.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta network\-management connectivity\-tests update my\-test \e
    \-\-description='update dst addr' \-\-destination\-ip\-address='10.142.0.3'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud network\-management connectivity\-tests update
.RE

