
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine disk



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIDISK\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Add an IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine disk.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Disk resource \- The disk for which to add IAM policy binding to. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [disk] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK\fR
ID of the disk or fully qualified identifier for the disk. This positional must
be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin' for
the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with disk 'my\-disk' and zone 'ZONE', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-disk \-\-zone=ZONE \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta compute disks add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

