
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam \- manage IAM service accounts and keys



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud iam command group lets you manage Google Cloud Identity
& Access Management (IAM) service accounts and keys.

Cloud IAM authorizes who can take action on specific resources, giving you full
control and visibility to manage cloud resources centrally. For established
enterprises with complex organizational structures, hundreds of workgroups and
potentially many more projects, Cloud IAM provides a unified view into security
policy across your entire organization, with built\-in auditing to ease
compliance processes.

More information on Cloud IAM can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/iam
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBroles\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manipulate roles.

.TP 2m
\fBservice\-accounts\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manipulate service accounts.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlist\-grantable\-roles\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List IAM grantable roles for a resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-testable\-permissions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List IAM testable permissions for a resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam
$ gcloud beta iam
.RE

