
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_TABLES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq tables \- interact with and manage Google BigQuery tables



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq tables\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Interact with and manage Google BigQuery tables.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcopy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Copy one BigQuery table to another.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new BigQuery table.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a BigQuery table.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a BigQuery table.

.TP 2m
\fBinsert\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Insert records specified into an existing table.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all BigQuery tables and views in a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBshow\-rows\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display selected rows in a specified table or view.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a new BigQuery table.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

