
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine models \- cloud ML Engine Models commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine models\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A Cloud ML Engine model is a container representing an ML
application or service. A model may contain multiple versions which act as the
implementation of the service. See also:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions \-\-help.
.RE

For more information, please see
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/technical\-overview#model



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a model.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud ML Engine model.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing Cloud ML Engine model.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing Cloud ML Engine model.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing Cloud ML Engine models.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a policy binding from a model.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing Cloud ML Engine model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models
.RE

