
.TH "GCLOUD_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml\-engine models create \- create a new AI Platform model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml\-engine models create\fR \fIMODEL\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new AI Platform model.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the model.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
If set, enables StackDriver Logging for online prediction. These logs are like
standard server access logs, containing information such as timestamps and
latency for each request.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]
The Google Cloud region where the model will be deployed (currently only a
single region is supported).

Defaults to 'us\-central1'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine models create
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models create
.RE

