
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_CONNECTION\-PROFILES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles describe \- show details about a Database Migration Service connection profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles describe\fR (\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a connection profile.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- The connection profile you want to get the
details of. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[connection_profile] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatamigration/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datamigration/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show details about a connection profile, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles describe \e
    my\-connection\-profile \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

