
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to set the IAM policy of. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and sets it for the instance 'my\-instance' and zone 'ZONE':.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances set\-iam\-policy my\-instance \e
    \-\-zone=ZONE policy.json

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta compute instances set\-iam\-policy
.RE

