
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS_DEDICATED_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute interconnects attachments dedicated update \- update a Google Compute Engine dedicated interconnect attachment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute interconnects attachments dedicated update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-bandwidth\fR=\fIBANDWIDTH\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute interconnects attachments dedicated update\fR is used to
update interconnect attachments. An interconnect attachment is what binds the
underlying connectivity of an interconnect to a path into and out of the
customer's cloud network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect attachment to patch.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bandwidth\fR=\fIBANDWIDTH\fR
Provisioned capacity of the attachment. \fIBANDWIDTH\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB50m\fR
50 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB100m\fR
100 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB200m\fR
200 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB300m\fR
300 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB400m\fR
400 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB500m\fR
500 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB1g\fR
1 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB2g\fR
2 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB5g\fR
5 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB10g\fR
10 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB20g\fR
20 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB50g\fR
50 Gbit/s
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Human\-readable plain\-text description of attachment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect attachment. When this is enabled, the
attachment is operational and will carry traffic. Use \-\-no\-enable\-admin to
disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the interconnect attachment to patch. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated update
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments dedicated update
.RE

