
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROLLING\-UPDATES_ROLLBACK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates rollback \- rolls back an existing update



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates rollback\fR \fIUPDATE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command group is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud
alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action\fR command group instead.

Rolls back the update in state ROLLING_FORWARD, ROLLING_BACK or PAUSED (fails if
the update is in any other state). No\-op if invoked in state ROLLED_BACK.

Rollback sets the template that the Managed Instance Group used before the
update was started and gradually restarts back to the old template all instances
that are running in the new template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUPDATE\fR
Update id.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Rolling update zone name. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property
value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

