
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_PATCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute interconnects patch \- patch a Google Compute Engine interconnect



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute interconnects patch\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Patch a Google Compute Engine interconnect.

This command is deprecated.

\fBgcloud compute interconnects patch\fR is used to patch interconnects. An
interconnect represents a single specific connection between Google and the
customer.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect. When this is enabled, the
interconnect is operational and will carry traffic across any functioning linked
interconnect attachments. Use \-\-no\-admin\-enabled to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR
Email address to contact the customer NOC for operations and maintenance
notifications regarding this interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR
Target number of physical links in the link bundle.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects patch
.RE

