
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI\-PLATFORM_MODELS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai\-platform models set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai\-platform models set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given model as defined in a JSON or
YAML file.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Model resource \- The AI Platform model to set IAM policy for. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[model] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
ID of the model or fully qualified identifier for the model.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the model \f5my_model\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models set\-iam\-policy my_model policy.json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform models set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models set\-iam\-policy
.RE

