
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies update \- update a Compute Engine organization security policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies update\fR \fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies update\fR is used
to update organization security policies. An organization security policy is a
set of rules that controls access to various resources.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name or ID of the security policy to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization in which the organization security policy is to be updated. Must be
set if SECURITY_POLICY is display name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update an organization security policy with ID ``123456789" to change the
description to ``New description", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies update update \e
    123456789 \-\-description='New description'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies update
.RE

