
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates describe \- describe a Cloud Data Catalog tag template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates describe\fR (\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag template resource \- Tag template to describe. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [tag_template] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the tag template or fully qualified identifier for the tag template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Describe a tag template:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates describe TEMPLATE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates describe
.RE

