
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments run \- run an Airflow sub\-command remotely in a Cloud Composer environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments run\fR (\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fISUBCOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fICMD_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Executes an Airflow CLI sub\-command remotely in an environment. If
the sub\-command takes flags, separate the environment name from the
sub\-command and its flags with ``\-\-''. This command waits for the
sub\-command to complete; its exit code will match the sub\-command's exit code.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

ENVIRONMENT \- The environment in which to run an Airflow command.. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
The ID of the environment or a fully qualified identifier for the environment.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the environment.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fISUBCOMMAND\fR
The Airflow CLI subcommand to run. (see
https://airflow.incubator.apache.org/cli.html)

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fICMD_ARGS\fR ...]
Command line arguments to the subcommand.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and CMD_ARGS on the right. Example:

gcloud beta composer environments run myenv trigger_dag \-\- some_dag
\-\-run_id=foo


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command:

.RS 2m
gcloud beta composer environments run myenv trigger_dag \-\- some_dag \-\-run_id=foo
.RE

is equivalent to running the following command from a shell inside the
\fBmy\-environment\fR environment:

.RS 2m
airflow trigger_dag some_dag \-\-run_id=foo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

