
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ARTIFACTS_VERSIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta artifacts versions delete \- delete an Artifact Registry package version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta artifacts versions delete\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-package\fR=\fIPACKAGE\fR\ \fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-tags\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an Artifact Registry package version.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The specified package version does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete package versions.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Version resource \- The Artifact Registry package version to delete. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [version] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the version. Overrides the default artifacts/location property value
for this command invocation. To configure the default location, use the command:
gcloud config set artifacts/location.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-package\fR=\fIPACKAGE\fR
The package associated with the version.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR
The repository associated with the version. Overrides the default
artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To configure
the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-tags\fR
If specified, all tags associated with the version are deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBartifactregistry/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete version \f51.0.0\fR of \f5my\-pkg\fR under the current project,
repository, and location, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts versions delete 1.0.0 \-\-package=my\-pkg
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts versions delete
.RE

