
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS_QUEUES_GET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks queues get\-iam\-policy \- get the IAM policy for a queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks queues get\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIQUEUE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha tasks queues get\-iam\-policy\fR displays the IAM
policy associated with a queue. If formatted as JSON, the output can be edited
and used as a policy file for \fBset\-iam\-policy\fR. The output includes an
"etag" field identifying the version emitted and allowing detection of
concurrent policy updates; see $ gcloud alpha tasks queues set\-iam\-policy for
additional details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Queue resource \- The Cloud Tasks queue for which to display the IAM policy. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [queue] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUEUE\fR
ID of the queue or fully qualified identifier for the queue. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudtasks/v2beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tasks/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the IAM policy for a given queue, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha tasks queues get\-iam\-policy my\-queue
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta tasks queues get\-iam\-policy
.RE

