
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_LOGGING_METRICS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta logging metrics create \- creates a logs\-based metric



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta logging metrics create\fR \fIMETRIC_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a logs\-based metric to count the number of log entries
that match a filter expression. Logs\-based metrics can also be used to extract
values from logs and create a distribution of the values.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMETRIC_NAME\fR
The name of the new metric.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Data about the new metric. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-from\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FROM_FILE\fR
A path to a YAML or JSON file specifying the logs\-based metric to create.

.TP 2m

A group of arguments to specify simple counter logs\-based metrics.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The metric's description. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
The metric's filter expression. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a metric that counts the number of log entries with a severity level
higher than WARNING, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging metrics create high_severity_count \e
    \-\-description="Number of high severity log entries" \e
    \-\-log\-filter="severity > WARNING"
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters

To create a metric that uses advanced features like distribution or
user\-defined labels, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging metrics create my_metric \e
    \-\-config\-from\-file=$PATH_TO_FILE
.RE

The config file can be in YAML or JSON format. Detailed information about how to
configure metrics can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/reference/v2/rest/v2/projects.metrics#LogMetric.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging metrics create
.RE

