
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_DICOM\-STORES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores \- manage Cloud Healthcare API DICOM stores



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud Healthcare API DICOM stores.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a Cloud Healthcare API API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieve the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import DICOM objects into a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Healthcare API DICOM stores.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM
store.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

