
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_MEMBERSHIPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups memberships \- manage Cloud Identity Groups Memberships



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups memberships\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Cloud Identity Groups Memberships.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new membership in an existing group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a membership from an existing group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a membership in a group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List memberships in an existing group.

.TP 2m
\fBmodify\-membership\-roles\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add/remove/modify membership roles of a membership in a group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups memberships
.RE

