
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_NODE\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container node\-pools \- create and delete operations for Google Kubernetes Engine node pools



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container node\-pools\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create and delete operations for Google Kubernetes Engine node
pools.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a node pool in a running cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an existing node pool in a running cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an existing node pool for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List existing node pools for a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fBrollback\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Rollback a node\-pool upgrade.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Updates a node pool in a running cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container node\-pools
$ gcloud alpha container node\-pools
.RE

