
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_AGENT_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow agent export \- export the Dialogflow agent to a zip file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow agent export\fR \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export the Dialogflow agent of the current project to a zip file.
The zip file will contain data on all intents and entity types of the agent.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a file or the URI to a Google Cloud Storage to save the agent to. Note:
A URI must start with "gs://".


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export the agent of the current project to local file path/to/agent.zip:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent export \e
    \-\-destination="path/to/agent.zip"
.RE

To export the agent of the current project to agent.zip in Google Storage Bucket
\f5mybucket\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent export \e
    \-\-destination="gs://mybucket/agent.zip"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

