
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_DATA_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud composer environments storage data export \- export data from an environment into local storage or Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud composer environments storage data export\fR \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

If the SOURCE is a directory, it and its contents are are exported recursively.
If no SOURCE is provided, the entire contents of the environment's data
directory will be exported. Colliding files in the DESTINATION will be
overwritten. If a file exists in the DESTINATION but there is no corresponding
file to overwrite it, it is untouched.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
The path to an existing local directory or a Cloud Storage bucket/directory into
which to export files.

.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment from whose Cloud Storage bucket to
export data.. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [\-\-environment] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
An optional relative path to a file or directory to be exported from the data/
subdirectory in the environment's Cloud Storage bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Suppose the environment \f5myenv\fR's Cloud Storage bucket has the following
structure:

.RS 2m
gs://the\-bucket
|
+\-\- data
|   |
|   +\-\- file1.txt
|   +\-\- file2.txt
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.txt
|   |   +\-\- file4.txt
.RE

And the local directory '/foo' has the following structure:

.RS 2m
/foo
|
+\-\- file1.txt
+\-\- fileX.txt
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.txt
|   |   +\-\- fileY.txt
.RE

The following command:

.RS 2m
gcloud composer environments storage data export myenv \-\-destination /foo
.RE

would result in the following structure in the local '/foo' directory:

.RS 2m
/foo
|
+\-\- file1.txt
+\-\- file2.txt
+\-\- fileX.txt
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.txt
|   |   +\-\- file4.txt
|   |   +\-\- fileY.txt
.RE

The local files '/foo/file1.txt' and '/foo/subdir1/file3.txt' will be
overwritten with the contents of the corresponding files in the Cloud Storage
bucket.

If instead we had run

.RS 2m
gcloud composer environments storage data export myenv \-\-source subdir1/file3.txt \-\-destination /foo
.RE

the resulting local directory structure would be the following:

.RS 2m
/foo
|
+\-\- file1.txt
+\-\- file3.txt
+\-\- fileX.txt
|   |
|   +\-\- subdir1
|   |   |
|   |   +\-\- file3.txt
|   |   +\-\- fileY.txt
.RE

No local files would be overwritten since
\'gs://the\-bucket/dags/subdir1/file3.txt' was written to '/foo/file3.txt'
instead of 'foo/subdir1/file3.txt'.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments storage data export
$ gcloud beta composer environments storage data export
.RE

