
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics update \- this feature is part of an invite\-only release of the Cloud Pub/Sub API



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics update\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fB\-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub topic. This feature is part of
an invitation\-only release of the underlying Cloud Pub/Sub API. The command
will generate errors unless you have access to this API. This restriction should
be relaxed in the near future. Please contact cloud\-pubsub@google.com with any
questions in the meantime.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Name of the topic to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [topic] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recompute\-message\-storage\-policy\fR
If given, Cloud Pub/Sub will recompute the regions where messages can be stored
at rest based on your organization's policies.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

