
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta deployment\-manager types update \- update a composite type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta deployment\-manager types update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a composite type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Composite type name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Optional description of the composite type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-status\fR=\fISTATUS\fR
Optional status for a composite type. \fISTATUS\fR must be one of:
\fBDEPRECATED\fR, \fBEXPERIMENTAL\fR, \fBSUPPORTED\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a composite type, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager types update my\-composite\-type \e
    \-\-status EXPERIMENTAL \-\-description "My type."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types update
.RE

