
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics set\-iam\-policy\fR \fITOPIC\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
Name of the topic to set an IAM policy on.

.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a topic with identifier 'my\-topic'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics set\-iam\-policy my\-topic policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics set\-iam\-policy
.RE

