
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps export \- export a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps export\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports a URL map's configuration to a file. This configuration
can be imported at a later time.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP\fR
Name of the URL map to export.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported. The exported data
will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag
to write to standard output. A schema describing the export/import format can be
found in: $CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/alpha/UrlMap.yaml.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to export. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

A URL map can be exported by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps export NAME \e
    \-\-destination=<path\-to\-file>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps export
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps export
.RE

