
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS_CREATE_SCHEDULED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds triggers create scheduled \- create a build trigger that fires on a schedule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds triggers create scheduled\fR (\fB\-\-trigger\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-repo\-type\fR=\fIREPO_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-repo\-uri\fR=\fIREPO_URI\fR\ \fB\-\-revision\fR=\fIREVISION\fR\ \fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR\ (\fB\-\-build\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR\ \fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...])\ :\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR]) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a build trigger that fires on a schedule.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to a YAML or JSON file containing the trigger configuration.

For more details, see:
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/projects.triggers

.TP 2m

Flag based trigger configuration

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repo\-type\fR=\fIREPO_TYPE\fR
Type of repository (CLOUD_SOURCE_REPOSITORIES or GITHUB) This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repo\-uri\fR=\fIREPO_URI\fR
URI of the repository. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments
in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-revision\fR=\fIREVISION\fR
Revision to build (e.g. refs/heads/master). For more details, see:
https://git\-scm.com/book/en/v2/Git\-Tools\-Revision\-Selection This flag must
be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR
Cron unix format schedule. For more details, see:
https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/docs/configuring/cron\-job\-schedules?#defining_the_job_schedule.'
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Build trigger description.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR
Specifies the time zone to be used in interpreting the schedule. The value of
this field must be a time zone name (e.g. America/New_York) from the TZ Database
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tz_database).

Note that some time zones include a provision for daylight savings time. The
rules for daylight saving time are determined by the chosen tz. For UTC use the
string "utc". If a time zone is not specified, the default will be in UTC (also
known as GMT).

.TP 2m

This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Build file configuration flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-build\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to a YAML or JSON file containing the build configuration in the
repository.

For more details, see: https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/build\-config

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Parameters to be substituted in the build specification.

For example (using some nonsensical substitution keys; all keys must begin with
an underscore):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud builds triggers create ... \-\-config config.yaml
    \-\-substitutions _FAVORITE_COLOR=blue,_NUM_CANDIES=10
.RE

This will result in a build where every occurrence of \f5${_FAVORITE_COLOR}\fR
in certain fields is replaced by "blue", and similarly for \f5${_NUM_CANDIES}\fR
and "10".

Only the following built\-in variables can be specified with the
\f5\-\-substitutions\fR flag: REPO_NAME, BRANCH_NAME, TAG_NAME, REVISION_ID,
COMMIT_SHA, SHORT_SHA.

For more details, see:
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/api/build\-requests#substitutions


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a scheduled trigger for a CSR repository:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers create scheduled \e
    \-\-repo\-uri="https://source.developers.google.com/p/projectid/r/r\e
epo" \-\-repo\-type="CLOUD_SOURCE_REPOSITORIES" \e
    \-\-revision="refs/heads/master" \e
    \-\-build\-config="cloudbuild.yaml" \-\-schedule="0 9 * * *" \e
    \-\-time\-zone="America/New_York"
.RE

To create a scheduled trigger for a GitHub repository:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers create scheduled \e
    \-\-repo\-uri="https://github.com/owner/repo" \e
    \-\-repo\-type="GITHUB" \-\-revision="refs/heads/master" \e
    \-\-build\-config="cloudbuild.yaml" \-\-schedule="0 9 * * *" \e
    \-\-time\-zone="America/New_York"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

