
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TPUS_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute tpus locations describe \- describe a Cloud TPU Location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute tpus locations describe\fR [\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud TPU Location.


To get a list of available locations for your project run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus locations list
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- The Cloud TPU Location you want to describe. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [zone] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [compute/zone] with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIZONE\fR]
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus locations describe
$ gcloud beta compute tpus locations describe
.RE

