
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_EMULATORS_DATASTORE_START" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha emulators datastore start \- start a local datastore emulator



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha emulators datastore start\fR [\fB\-\-consistency\fR=\fICONSISTENCY\fR;\ default=0.9] [\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-host\-port\fR=\fIHOST_PORT\fR] [\fB\-\-legacy\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-store\-on\-disk\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command starts a local datastore emulator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-consistency\fR=\fICONSISTENCY\fR; default=0.9
Fraction of eventually consistent operations that should succeed immediately.
Setting to 1.0 can be useful for unit tests, but may mask incorrect assumptions
about non\-ancestor queries which are eventually consistent.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR
The directory to be used to store/retrieve data/config for an emulator run. The
default value is \f5<USER_CONFIG_DIR>/emulators/datastore\fR. The value of
USER_CONFIG_DIR can be found by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='get(config.paths.global_config_dir)'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\-port\fR=\fIHOST_PORT\fR
The host:port to which the emulator should be bound. Can take the form of a
single address (hostname, IPv4, or IPv6) and/or port:

.RS 2m
[ADDRESS][:PORT]
.RE

In this format you must enclose IPv6 addresses in square brackets: e.g.

.RS 2m
[2001:db8:0:0:0:ff00:42:8329]:8080
.RE

The default value is localhost:8081.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-legacy\fR
(DEPRECATED) Set to use the legacy emulator which supports Cloud Datastore API
v1beta2.

This flag is deprecated due to the legacy Datastore emulator no longer being
supported. It will be removed in early October 2019.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-store\-on\-disk\fR
Whether data should be persisted to disk. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-store\-on\-disk\fR to disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a local datastore emulator, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha emulators datastore start \-\-data\-dir DATA\-DIR
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators datastore start
.RE

