
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha asset \- manage the Cloud Asset Inventory



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha asset\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the Cloud Asset Inventory.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfeeds\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Asset Inventory feeds.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Asset Inventory operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBanalyze\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Analyzes accessible IAM policies that match a request.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export the cloud assets to Google Cloud Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-history\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the update history of assets that overlaps a time window.

.TP 2m
\fBsearch\-iam\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Searches accessible IAM policies that match a query.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset
$ gcloud beta asset
.RE

