
.TH "GCLOUD_LOGGING_READ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud logging read \- read log entries



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud logging read\fR [\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-freshness\fR=\fIFRESHNESS\fR;\ default="1d"] [\fB\-\-order\fR=\fIORDER\fR;\ default="desc"] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

gcloud logging read reads log entries. Log entries matching \fBlog\-filter\fR
are returned in order of decreasing timestamps, most\-recent entries first. If
the log entries come from multiple logs, then entries from different logs might
be intermingled in the results.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fILOG_FILTER\fR]
Filter expression that specifies the log entries to return. A detailed guide on
basic and advanced filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/overview


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-freshness\fR=\fIFRESHNESS\fR; default="1d"
Return entries that are not older than this value. Works only with DESC ordering
and filters without a timestamp. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-order\fR=\fIORDER\fR; default="desc"
Ordering of returned log entries based on timestamp field. \fIORDER\fR must be
one of: \fBdesc\fR, \fBasc\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Read log entries associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To read log entries from Google Compute Engine instances, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging read "resource.type=gce_instance"
.RE

To read log entries with severity ERROR or higher, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging read "severity>=ERROR"
.RE

To read log entries written in a specific time window, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging read \e
    'timestamp<="2015\-05\-31T23:59:59Z" AND
 timestamp>="2015\-05\-31T00:00:00Z"'
.RE

To read up to 10 log entries in your project's syslog log from Compute Engine
instances containing payloads that include the word \f5SyncAddress\fR and format
the output in \f5JSON\fR format, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging read \e
    "resource.type=gce_instance AND\e
 logName=projects/[PROJECT_ID]/logs/syslog AND\e
 textPayload:SyncAddress" \-\-limit=10 \-\-format=json
.RE

To read a log entry from a folder, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging read "resource.type=global" \-\-folder=[FOLDER_ID] \e
    \-\-limit=1
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging read
$ gcloud beta logging read
.RE

