
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_RESERVATIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute reservations create \- create a Compute Engine reservation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute reservations create\fR \fIRESERVATION\fR (\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]\ \fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]\ \fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR\ \fB\-\-require\-specific\-reservation\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine reservation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESERVATION\fR
Name of the reservation to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Manage the specific SKU reservation properties to create This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine (name only) which has a fixed number of vCPUs and a fixed
amount of memory. This also includes specifying custom machine type following
\f5custom\-number_of_CPUs\-amount_of_memory\fR pattern, e.g.
\f5custom\-32\-29440\fR. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR
The number of VM instances that are allocated to this reservation. The value of
this field must be an int in the range [1, 1000]. This flag must be specified if
any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]
Manage the configuration of the type and number of accelerator cards attached.
.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of accelerators to attach to each instance in the reservation.
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. \f5nvidia\-tesla\-k80\fR for nVidia Tesla K80) of
accelerator to attach to instances in the reservation. Use \f5gcloud compute
accelerator\-types list\fR to learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]
Manage the size and the interface of local SSD to use. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/local\-ssd for more information.
.TP 2m
\fBinterface\fR
The kind of disk interface exposed to the VM for this SSD. Valid values are
\f5scsi\fR and \f5nvme\fR. SCSI is the default and is supported by more guest
operating systems. NVME may provide higher performance.
.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR
The size of the local SSD in base\-2 GB.
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR
Optional minimum CPU platform of the reservation to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-specific\-reservation\fR
Indicates whether the reservation can be consumed by VMs with "any reservation"
defined. If enabled, then only VMs that target this reservation by name using
\f5\-\-reservation\-affinity=specific\fR can consume from this reservation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of the reservation to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the reservation to create. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute reservations create
.RE

