
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_MANAGED\-ZONES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns managed\-zones \- manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns managed\-zones\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones. See Managing Zones
(https://cloud.google.com/dns/zones/) for details.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete an empty Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
View the details of a Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
View the list of all your managed\-zones.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update an existing Cloud DNS managed\-zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones create my_zone \-\-description="My Zone" \e
    \-\-dns\-name="my.zone.com."
.RE

To delete a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones delete my_zone
.RE

To view the details of a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones describe my_zone
.RE

To see the list of all managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones
.RE

