
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI\-PLATFORM" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai\-platform \- manage AI Platform jobs and models



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai\-platform\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha ai\-platform command group lets you manage AI
Platform jobs and training models.

AI Platform is a managed service that enables you to easily build machine
learning models, that work on any type of data, of any size. Create your model
with the powerful TensorFlow framework that powers many Google products, from
Google Photos to Google Cloud Speech.

More information on AI Platform can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/ml
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBjobs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR AI Platform Jobs commands.

.TP 2m
\fBlocal\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR AI Platform Local commands.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Query AI Platform location capabilities.

.TP 2m
\fBmodels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR AI Platform Models commands.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage AI Platform operations.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR AI Platform Versions commands.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpredict\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run AI Platform online prediction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform
.RE

