
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_NETWORK\-MANAGEMENT_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta network\-management operations describe \- describe a Network Management operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta network\-management operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Network Management operation given a valid operation
name.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Name of the Network Management operation you want to
describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworkmanagement/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command describes an operation called \f5operation\-12345\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta network\-management operations describe operation\-12345
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud network\-management operations describe
.RE

