
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager \- manage deployments of cloud resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha deployment\-manager command group lets you manage
the deployment of Google Cloud Platform resources using Google Cloud Deployment
Manager.

Google Cloud Deployment Manager allows you to specify all the resources needed
for your application in a declarative format using YAML. You can also use Python
or Jinja2 templates to parameterize the configuration and allow reuse of common
deployment paradigms such as a load balanced, auto\-scaled instance group.

More information on Cloud Deployment Manager can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/deployment\-manager and detailed documentation can be
found here: https://cloud.google.com/deployment\-manager/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdeployments\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager deployments.

.TP 2m
\fBmanifests\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager manifests.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager operations.

.TP 2m
\fBresources\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager resources.

.TP 2m
\fBtype\-providers\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager type providers.

.TP 2m
\fBtypes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for Deployment Manager types.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager
.RE

