
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_OAUTH\-BRANDS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap oauth\-brands describe \- describe a Cloud OAuth brand



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap oauth\-brands describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha iap oauth\-brands describe\fR is used to describe
a Cloud OAuth brand.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Name resource \- Name of the Cloud OAuth brand to describe. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[name] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
ID of the name or fully qualified identifier for the name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiap/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

