
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_SEEK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions seek \- resets a subscription's backlog to a point in time or to a given snapshot



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions seek\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR (\fB\-\-snapshot\fR=\fISNAPSHOT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-time\fR=\fITIME\fR) [\fB\-\-snapshot\-project\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Resets a subscription's backlog to a point in time or to a given
snapshot.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to affect. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\fR=\fISNAPSHOT\fR
The name of the snapshot. The snapshot's topic must be the same as that of the
subscription.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-time\fR=\fITIME\fR
The time to seek to. Messages in the subscription that were published before
this time are marked as acknowledged, and messages retained in the subscription
that were published after this time are marked as unacknowledged. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on time formats.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-project\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_PROJECT\fR
The name of the project the snapshot belongs to (if seeking to a snapshot). If
not set, it defaults to the currently selected cloud project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions seek
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions seek
.RE

