
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists, creates, deletes, and modifies Compute Engine instance
templates.

More information on Compute Engine instance templates can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance\-templates



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine instance
template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine virtual machine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-with\-container\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance template
running Docker images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance templates.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a virtual machine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine instance templates.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine instance
template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-templates
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-templates
.RE

