
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container binauthz attestors update \- update an existing Attestor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container binauthz attestors update\fR \fIATTESTOR\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing Attestor.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The attestor to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [ATTESTOR] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The new description for the attestor


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors update
.RE

