
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run \- manage your Cloud Run applications



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud run command group lets you deploy container images to
Google Cloud Run.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Cloud. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR and
\f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Arguments to locate resources, depending on the platform used. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\f5\-\-platform=managed\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdomain\-mappings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View and manage your Cloud Run domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBrevisions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View and manage your Cloud Run revisions.

.TP 2m
\fBservices\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View and manage your Cloud Run services.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploy a container to Cloud Run.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deploy your container, use the \f5gcloud run deploy\fR command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run deploy <service\-name> \-\-image <image_name>
.RE

For more information, run:.RS 2m
$ gcloud run deploy \-\-help

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run
$ gcloud beta run
.RE

