
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute interconnects update \- update a Google Compute Engine interconnect



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute interconnects update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute interconnects update\fR is used to update interconnects. An
interconnect represents a single specific connection between Google and the
customer.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect. When this is enabled, the
interconnect is operational and will carry traffic across any functioning linked
interconnect attachments. Use \-\-no\-admin\-enabled to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR
Email address to contact the customer NOC for operations and maintenance
notifications regarding this interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR
Target number of physical links in the link bundle.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects update
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects update
.RE

