
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_DENY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies deny \- add values to an Organization Policy denied_values list policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies deny\fR \fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR \fIDENIED_VALUE\fR [\fIDENIED_VALUE\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds one or more values to the specified Organization Policy
denied_values list policy associated with the specified resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR
The Org Policy constraint name.

.TP 2m
\fIDENIED_VALUE\fR [\fIDENIED_VALUE\fR ...]
The values to add to the denied_values list policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID for Org Policies.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID for Org Policies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command adds \f5devEnv\fR and \f5prodEnv\fR to an Organization
Policy denied_values list policy for constraint \f5serviceuser.services\fR on
project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies deny \e
    serviceuser.services \-\-project=foo\-project devEnv prodEnv
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies deny
.RE

