
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EVENTARC_TRIGGERS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta eventarc triggers delete \- delete an Eventarc trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta eventarc triggers delete\fR (\fITRIGGER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an Eventarc trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Trigger resource \- The trigger to delete. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [trigger] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITRIGGER\fR
ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location for the Eventarc trigger, which should be either \f5\fIglobal\fR\fR
or one of the supported regions. Alternatively, set the [eventarc/location]
property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the trigger \f5\fImy\-trigger\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta eventarc triggers delete my\-trigger
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

