
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_DATABASES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner databases create \- create a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner databases create\fR (\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database to create. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
The ID of the database or a fully qualified identifier for the database. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR
Semi\-colon separated DDL (data definition language) statements to run inside
the newly created database. If there is an error in any statement, the database
is not created. Full DDL specification is at
https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/data\-definition\-language


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases create
$ gcloud beta spanner databases create
.RE

