
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSURED_WORKLOADS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta assured workloads list \- list all Assured Workloads environments that belong to a given parent organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta assured workloads list\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List all Assured Workloads environments that belong to a given
parent organization.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the Assured Workloads environments. For a current list of
supported LOCATION values, see Assured Workloads locations
(http://cloud/assured\-workloads/docs/locations).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization of the Assured Workloads environments, provided as an
organization ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following example command lists all Assured Workloads environments with
these properties:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
belonging to an organization with ID 123
.IP "\(bu" 2m
located in the \f5us\-central1\fR region
.IP "\(bu" 2m
returning no more than 30 results
.IP "\(bu" 2m
requesting 10 results at a time from the backend
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta assured workloads list \e
    organizations/123/locations/us\-central1 \-\-limit=30 \e
    \-\-page\-size=10
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha assured workloads list
.RE

