
.TH "GCLOUD_IOT_DEVICES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iot devices delete \- delete a device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iot devices delete\fR (\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete a device.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device to delete. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [device] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a device from device registry 'my\-registry', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices delete my\-device \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-registry=my\-registry
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot devices delete
$ gcloud beta iot devices delete
.RE

