
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILD\-ARTIFACTS_PRINT\-SETTINGS_NPM" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha build\-artifacts print\-settings npm \- print credential settings to add to the .npmrc file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha build\-artifacts print\-settings npm\fR \fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR [\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print credential settings to add to the .npmrc file for connecting
to an npm repository.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Cloud Build Artifacts repository. If not specified,
the current build_artifacts/repository is used. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-repository] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR
The scope to associate with the Cloud Build Artifacts registry. If not
specified, Cloud Build Artifacts is set as the default registry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

