
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_ADD\-JOB_PYSPARK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job pyspark \- add a PySpark job to the workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job pyspark\fR \fIPY_FILE\fR \fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR (\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-py\-files\fR=[\fIPY_FILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIJOB_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a PySpark job to the workflow template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPY_FILE\fR
Main .py file to run as the driver.

.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIJOB_ARGS\fR ...]
Arguments to pass to the driver.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and JOB_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR
The step ID of the job in the workflow template.

.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to add job to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-workflow\-template] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes
an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Google
Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a
special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all
Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc
regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of archives to be provided to the job. must be one of the
following file formats: .zip, .tar, .tar.gz, or .tgz.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
List of key value pairs to configure driver logging, where key is a package and
value is the log4j log level. For example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of files to be provided to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the executor and driver
classpaths.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key value pairs to configure PySpark. For a list of available
properties, see:
https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html#available\-properties.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-py\-files\fR=[\fIPY_FILE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of Python files to be provided to the job. Must be one of
the following file formats ".py, .zip, or .egg".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]
(Optional) List of step IDs to start this job after.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job pyspark
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job pyspark
.RE

