
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSET_SEARCH\-ALL\-IAM\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta asset search\-all\-iam\-policies \- searches all IAM policies within the specified accessible scope, such as a project, folder or organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta asset search\-all\-iam\-policies\fR [\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR] [\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Searches all IAM policies within the specified scope, such as a
project, folder or organization. The caller must be granted the
\f5\fIcloudasset.assets.searchAllIamPolicies\fR\fR permission on the desired
scope.

Note: The query is compared against each IAM policy binding, including its
members, roles and conditions. The returned IAM policies, will only contain the
bindings that match your query. To learn more about the IAM policy structure,
see IAM policy doc (https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/policies#structure).



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR
The query statement. See how to construct a query
(https://cloud.google.com/asset\-inventory/docs/searching\-iam\-policies#how_to_construct_a_query)
for more information. If not specified or empty, it will search all the IAM
policies within the specified \f5scope\fR. Note that the query string is
compared against each Cloud IAM policy binding, including its members, roles,
and Cloud IAM conditions. The returned Cloud IAM policies will only contain the
bindings that match your query. To learn more about the IAM policy structure,
see IAM policy doc (https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/policies#structure).

Examples:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5policy:amy@gmail.com\fR to find IAM policy bindings that specify user
\f5\fIamy@gmail.com\fR\fR.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5policy:roles/compute.admin\fR to find IAM policy bindings that specify the
Compute Admin role.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5policy.role.permissions:storage.buckets.update\fR to find Cloud IAM policy
bindings that specify a role containing the \f5\fIstorage.buckets.update\fR\fR
permission. Note that if callers don't have \f5\fIiam.roles.get\fR\fR access to
a role's included permissions, policy bindings that specify this role will be
dropped from the search results.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5resource:organizations/123456\fR to find IAM policy bindings that are set on
\f5\fIorganizations/123456\fR\fR.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5Important\fR to find IAM policy bindings that contain \f5\fIImportant\fR\fR
as a word in any of the searchable fields (except for the included permissions).
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5*por*\fR to find IAM policy bindings that contain \f5\fIpor\fR\fR as a
substring in any of the searchable fields (except for the included permissions).
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5resource:(instance1 OR instance2) policy:amy\fR to find IAM policy bindings
that are set on resources \f5\fIinstance1\fR\fR or \f5\fIinstance2\fR\fR and
also specify user \f5\fIamy\fR\fR.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR
A scope can be a project, a folder, or an organization. The search is limited to
the IAM policies within this scope. The caller must be granted the
\f5\fIcloudasset.assets.searchAllIamPolicies\fR\fR permission on the desired
scope. If not specified, the configured project property
(https://cloud.google.com//sdk/docs/configurations#setting_configuration_properties)
will be used. To find the configured project, run: \f5gcloud config get\-value
project\fR. To change the setting, run: \f5gcloud config set project
PROJECT_ID\fR.

The allowed values are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5projects/{PROJECT_ID}\fR (e.g. \f5\fIprojects/foo\-bar\fR\fR)
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5projects/{PROJECT_NUMBER}\fR (e.g. \f5\fIprojects/12345678\fR\fR)
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5folders/{FOLDER_NUMBER}\fR (e.g. \f5\fIfolders/1234567\fR\fR)
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5organizations/{ORGANIZATION_NUMBER}\fR (e.g.
\f5\fIorganizations/123456\fR\fR)
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To search all the IAM policies that specify \f5\fIamy@mycompany.com\fR\fR within
\f5\fIorganizations/123456\fR\fR, ensure the caller has been granted the
\f5\fIcloudasset.assets.searchAllIamPolicies\fR\fR permission on the
organization and run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset search\-all\-iam\-policies \e
    \-\-scope='organizations/123456' \e
    \-\-query='policy:amy@mycompany.com'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset search\-all\-iam\-policies
.RE

