
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta builds triggers describe \- describe a build trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta builds triggers describe\fR \fITRIGGER\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a build trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Trigger resource \- Build Trigger. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [trigger] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITRIGGER\fR
ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudbuild/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a trigger:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds triggers describe my\-trigger
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers describe
.RE

