
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_MEMBERSHIPS_UNREGISTER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container memberships unregister \- unregisters a cluster from Google Cloud Platform



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container memberships unregister\fR [\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR] [\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Unregisters a cluster from Google Cloud
Platform.

This command group is deprecated. Please use \f5gcloud container hub
memberships\fR command group instead.

This command unregisters a cluster referenced from a kubeconfig file from Google
Cloud Platform. It also removes the Connect agent installation from the Cluster.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The context in the kubeconfig file that specifies the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The kubeconfig file containing an entry for the cluster. Defaults to $KUBECONFIG
if it is set in the environment, otherwise defaults to to $HOME/.kube/config.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Unregister a cluster referenced from the default kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container memberships unregister \e
  \-\-context=my\-cluster\-context
.RE

Unregister a cluster referenced from a specific kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container memberships unregister \e
    \-\-kubeconfig=/home/user/custom_kubeconfig \e
    \-\-context=my\-cluster\-context
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container memberships unregister
.RE

