
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ENDPOINTS_SERVICES_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta endpoints services remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding from a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta endpoints services remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a service.

Note: The 'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' role can only exist on a
member which is a user, group, or service account.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The device registry for which to remove IAM policy binding
from. This represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBservicemanagement/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/service\-management/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
with service 'my\-service', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta endpoints services remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-service \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

