
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ANTHOS_AUTH_LOGIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta anthos auth login \- authenticate clusters using the Anthos client



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta anthos auth login\fR [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-login\-config\fR=\fILOGIN_CONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-login\-config\-cert\fR=\fILOGIN_CONFIG_CERT\fR] [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Authenticate clusters using the Anthos client.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
Cluster to authenticate against. If no cluster is specified, the command will
print a list of available options.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Print out the generated kubectl commands but do not execute them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
Specifies the destination kubeconfig file where credentials will be stored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-login\-config\fR=\fILOGIN_CONFIG\fR
Specifies the configuration yaml file for login. Can be a file path or a URL.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-login\-config\-cert\fR=\fILOGIN_CONFIG_CERT\fR
Specifies the CA certificate file to be added to trusted pool for making HTTPS
connections to a \f5\-\-login\-config\fR URL.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR
If configuring multiple user accounts in the same kubecconfig file, you can
specify a user to differentiate between them.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add credentials to default kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta anthos auth login \-\-cluster=testcluster \e
  \-\-login\-config=kubectl\-anthos\-config.yaml
.RE

To add credentials to custom kubeconfig file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta anthos auth login  \-\-cluster=testcluster \e
  \-\-login\-config=kubectl\-anthos\-config.yaml \e
  \-\-kubeconfig=my.kubeconfig
.RE

To generate the commands without executing them:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta anthos auth login \-\-cluster=testcluster \e
  \-\-login\-config=kubectl\-anthos\-config.yaml \-\-dry\-run
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud anthos auth login
$ gcloud alpha anthos auth login
.RE

