
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_CRAWLERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers create \- create a new Cloud Data Catalog crawler



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers create\fR \fICRAWLER\fR (\fB\-\-crawl\-scope\fR=\fICRAWL_SCOPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-buckets\fR=[\fIBUCKET\fR,...]) (\fB\-\-run\-option\fR=\fIRUN_OPTION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-run\-schedule\fR=\fIRUN_SCHEDULE\fR) [\fB\-\-bundle\-specs\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud Data Catalog crawler.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Crawler resource \- The crawler to create. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [crawler] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICRAWLER\fR
ID of the crawler or fully qualified identifier for the crawler.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Arguments to configure the crawler scope: This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-crawl\-scope\fR=\fICRAWL_SCOPE\fR
Scope of the crawler. \fICRAWL_SCOPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbucket\fR
Directs the crawler to crawl specific buckets within the project that owns the
crawler.
.TP 2m
\fBorganization\fR
Directs the crawler to crawl all the buckets of the projects in the organization
that owns the crawler.
.TP 2m
\fBproject\fR
Directs the crawler to crawl all the buckets of the project that owns the
crawler.
.RE
.sp

This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-buckets\fR=[\fIBUCKET\fR,...]
A list of buckets to crawl. This argument should be provided if and only if
\f5\-\-crawl\-scope=BUCKET\fR was specified.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Arguments to configure the crawler run scheduling: This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-run\-option\fR=\fIRUN_OPTION\fR
Run option of the crawler. \fIRUN_OPTION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanual\fR
The crawler run will have to be triggered manually.
.TP 2m
\fBscheduled\fR
The crawler will run automatically on a schedule.
.RE
.sp

This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-run\-schedule\fR=\fIRUN_SCHEDULE\fR
Schedule for the crawler run. This argument should be provided if and only if
\f5\-\-run\-option=SCHEDULED\fR was specified. \fIRUN_SCHEDULE\fR must be one
of: \fBdaily\fR, \fBweekly\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bundle\-specs\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]
A list of bundling specifications for the crawler. Bundling specifications
direct the crawler to bundle files into filesets based on the patterns provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Textual description of the crawler.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human\-readable display name for the crawler.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1alpha3\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Create a project\-scoped crawler:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers create crawler1 \e
    \-\-run\-option=MANUAL \-\-display\-name=my\-crawler \-\-crawl\-scope=PROJECT
.RE

Create a bucket\-scoped crawler that runs weekly:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers create crawler1 \e
    \-\-display\-name=my\-crawler \-\-crawl\-scope=BUCKET \e
    \-\-buckets="gs://bucket1,gs://bucket2,gs://bucket3" \e
    \-\-run\-option=SCHEDULED \-\-run\-schedule=WEEKLY
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

