
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_WEB" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap web \- manage IAP web policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap web\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud IAP) controls access to your
cloud applications running on Google Cloud Platform. Cloud IAP works by
verifying user identity and context of the request to determine if a user should
be allowed to access the application.

More information on Cloud IAP can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/iap
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to an IAP IAM resource.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disable Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud IAP) on an IAP
resource.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud IAP) on an IAP resource.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for an IAP IAM resource.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from an IAP IAM resource.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for an IAP IAM resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iap web
$ gcloud beta iap web
.RE

