
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects \- create and manage project access policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha projects group lets you create and manage IAM
policies for projects on the Google Cloud Platform. Resources are organized
hierarchically and assigned to a particular project. A Project resource is
required to use Google Cloud Platform, and forms the basis for creating,
enabling and using all Cloud Platform services, managing APIs, enabling billing,
adding and removing collaborators, and managing permissions.

More information on the Cloud Platform Resource Hierarchy and the project
resource can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/creating\-managing\-organization
and detailed documentation on creating and managing projects can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/creating\-managing\-projects



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new project.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a project.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-ancestors\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the ancestors for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List projects accessible by the active account.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Move a project into an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undelete a project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the name and/or labels of a project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects
$ gcloud beta projects
.RE

