
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable clusters create \- create a bigtable cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable clusters create\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR;\ default=3] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a bigtable cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- The cluster to describe. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Bigtable instance for the cluster.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the zone where the cluster is located. Supported zones are listed at
https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/locations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR; default=3
Number of nodes to serve.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable clusters create
$ gcloud alpha bigtable clusters create
.RE

