
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc clusters import \- import a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc clusters import\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This will create a new cluster with the given configuration. If a
cluster with this name already exists, an error will be thrown.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the cluster to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a YAML file containing cluster configuration export data. The YAML file
must not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag
to read from standard input. A schema describing the export/import format can be
found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/dataproc/v1beta2/Cluster.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

