
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_ASYMMETRIC\-DECRYPT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms asymmetric\-decrypt \- decrypt an input file using an asymmetric\-encryption key version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms asymmetric\-decrypt\fR \fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR \fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Decrypts the given ciphertext file using the provided asymmetric\-encryption key
version and saves the decrypted data to the plaintext file.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ciphertext\-file\fR=\fICIPHERTEXT_FILE\fR
File path of the ciphertext file to decrypt.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plaintext\-file\fR=\fIPLAINTEXT_FILE\fR
File path of the plaintext file to output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
to use for asymmetric\-decryption.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Version to use for asymmetric\-decryption.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read the file '/tmp/my/secret.file.enc', decrypt it
using the asymmetric CryptoKey \f5dont\-panic\fR Version 3 and write the
plaintext to '/tmp/my/secret.file.dec'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms asymmetric\-decrypt \e
\-\-location=us\-central1 \e
\-\-keyring=hitchhiker \e
\-\-key=dont\-panic \e
\-\-version=3 \e
\-\-ciphertext\-file=/tmp/my/secret.file.enc \e
\-\-plaintext\-file=/tmp/my/secret.file.dec
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms asymmetric\-decrypt
$ gcloud beta kms asymmetric\-decrypt
.RE

