
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ENDPOINTS_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha endpoints services \- manage Services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha endpoints services\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Services.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a service.

.TP 2m
\fBcheck\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns information about a member's permissions on a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a service from Google Service Management.

.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploys a service configuration for the given service name.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a service given a service name.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List services for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a service.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undeletes a service configuration that was previously deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services
$ gcloud beta endpoints services
.RE

