
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_MACHINE\-IMAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute machine\-images \- read and manage Compute Engine machine image resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute machine\-images\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manage Compute Engine machine image resources..

For more information about machine images, see the machine images documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine\-images).

See also: Machine images API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/beta/machineImages).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of a Google Compute Engine
machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine machine image from virtual appliance in
OVA/OVF format.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine machine images.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from the IAM policy of a Compute Engine
machine image.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine machine image.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute machine\-images
.RE

