
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments \- create and manage Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha composer environments command group lets you
create Cloud Composer environments containing an Apache Airflow setup.
Additionally, the command group supports environment updates including varying
number of machines used to run Airflow, setting Airflow configs, or installing
Python dependencies used in Airflow DAGs. The command group can also be used to
delete Composer environments.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBstorage\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Storage objects stored as part of Cloud Composer
environments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and initialize a Cloud Composer environment.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete one or more Cloud Composer environments.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get details about a Cloud Composer environment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the Cloud Composer environments under a project and location.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-upgrades\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the Cloud Composer image version upgrades for a specific
environment.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Run an Airflow sub\-command remotely in a Cloud Composer
environment.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update properties of a Cloud Composer environment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments
$ gcloud beta composer environments
.RE

