
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NOTEBOOKS_ENVIRONMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha notebooks environments delete \- request for deleting environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha notebooks environments delete\fR (\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for deleting environments.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- User\-defined unique name of this environment. The
environment name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only lowercase
letters, numeric characters, and dashes. The first character must be a
lowercaseletter and the last character cannot be a dash. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [environment] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location of this environment
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions\-zones/#locations.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete environment with id 'example\-environment' in location
\'us\-central1\-a', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks environments delete example\-environment \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks environments delete
.RE

