
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_UPGRADE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable instances upgrade \- upgrade an existing instance's type from development to production



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable instances upgrade\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Upgrade an existing instance's type from development to
production.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to upgrade. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To upgrade a \f5DEVELOPMENT\fR instance to \f5PRODUCTION\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances upgrade my\-instance\-id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances upgrade
$ gcloud beta bigtable instances upgrade
.RE

