
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_VERSIONS_SET\-DEFAULT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine versions set\-default \- sets an existing AI Platform version as the default for its model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine versions set\-default\fR \fIVERSION\fR \fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets an existing AI Platform version as the default for its model.

\fBgcloud beta ml\-engine versions set\-default\fR sets an existing AI Platform
version as the default for its model. Only one version may be the default for a
given version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the model version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine versions set\-default
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions set\-default
.RE

