
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_MEMBERSHIPS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups memberships describe \- describe a membership in a group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups memberships describe\fR \fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR \fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a membership in a group.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group whose membership is being described.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the member whose membership is being described.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a membership in a group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups memberships describe \e
    \-\-group\-email="eng\-discuss@foo.com" \e
    \-\-member\-email="user@foo.com"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups memberships describe
.RE

