
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_ROLES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam roles update \- update an IAM custom role



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam roles update\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR (\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-permissions\fR=\fIADD_PERMISSIONS\fR\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-permissions\fR=\fIPERMISSIONS\fR\ \fB\-\-remove\-permissions\fR=\fIREMOVE_PERMISSIONS\fR\ \fB\-\-stage\fR=\fISTAGE\fR\ \fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command updates an IAM custom role.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the custom role to update. For example: CustomRole. You must also
specify the \f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project of the role you want to update.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The Yaml file you want to use to update a role. Can not be specified with other
flags except role\-id.

.TP 2m

The following flags determine the fields need to be updated. You can update a
role by specifying the following flags, or you can update a role from a Yaml
file by specifying the file flag.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-permissions\fR=\fIADD_PERMISSIONS\fR
The permissions you want to add to the role. Use commas to separate them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the role you want to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permissions\fR=\fIPERMISSIONS\fR
The permissions of the role you want to set. Use commas to separate them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-permissions\fR=\fIREMOVE_PERMISSIONS\fR
The permissions you want to remove from the role. Use commas to separate them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stage\fR=\fISTAGE\fR
The state of the role you want to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
The title of the role you want to update.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a role from a Yaml file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles update viewer \-\-organization 123 \e
    \-\-file role_file_path
.RE

To update a role with flags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles update viewer \-\-project myproject \e
    \-\-permissions permission1,permission2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles update
$ gcloud beta iam roles update
.RE

