
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_POLICIES_CONDITIONS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring policies conditions update \- update a condition in an alerting policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring policies conditions update\fR (\fICONDITION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-if\fR=\fIIF_VALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-trigger\-count\fR=\fITRIGGER_COUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-trigger\-percent\fR=\fITRIGGER_PERCENT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a condition in an alerting policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Condition resource \- The name of the Condition to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [condition] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONDITION\fR
ID of the condition or fully qualified identifier for the condition. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
Name of the alerting policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The display name for the Condition.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-if\fR=\fIIF_VALUE\fR
One of "absent", "< THRESHOLD", "> THRESHOLD" where "THRESHOLD" is an integer or
float.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-count\fR=\fITRIGGER_COUNT\fR
The absolute number of time series that must fail the predicate for the
condition to be triggered.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-percent\fR=\fITRIGGER_PERCENT\fR
The percentage of time series that must fail the predicate for the condition to
be triggered.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

