
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_REMOVE\-RESOURCE\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks remove\-resource\-policies \- remove resource policies from a Google Compute Engine disk



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks remove\-resource\-policies\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR \fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Remove resource policies from a Google Compute Engine disk.

\fBgcloud compute disks remove\-resource\-policies\fR removes resource policies
from a Google Compute Engine disk.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to remove resource policies from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...]
A list of resource policy names to be removed from the disk. The policies must
exist in the same region as the disk.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disk to remove resource policies from. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to remove resource policies from. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command removes one resource policy from a Google Compute Engine
disk.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks remove\-resource\-policies my\-disk \e
    \-\-zone=ZONE \-\-resource\-policies=POLICY
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks remove\-resource\-policies
$ gcloud beta compute disks remove\-resource\-policies
.RE

