
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI_ENDPOINTS_PREDICT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai endpoints predict \- run AI Platform online prediction



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai endpoints predict\fR (\fIENDPOINT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-json\-request\fR=\fIJSON_REQUEST\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \f5gcloud beta ai endpoints predict\fR sends a prediction request
to AI Platform endpoint for the given instances. This command will read up to
100 instances, though the service itself will accept instances up to the payload
limit size (currently, 1.5MB).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Endpoint resource \- The endpoint to do online prediction. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [endpoint] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENDPOINT\fR
ID of the endpoint or fully qualified identifier for the endpoint. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud region for the endpoint.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-request\fR=\fIJSON_REQUEST\fR
Path to a local file containing the body of a JSON request.

An example of a JSON request:

.RS 2m
{
  "instances": [
    {"x": [1, 2], "y": [3, 4]},
    {"x": [\-1, \-2], "y": [\-3, \-4]}
  ]
}
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai endpoints predict
.RE

