
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_PEERINGS_LIST\-ROUTES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks peerings list\-routes \- list received or advertised routes for a VPC network peering



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks peerings list\-routes\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute networks peerings list\-routes\fR is used
to list received or advertised routes for a VPC network peering. This includes
subnetwork routes, static custom routes, and dynamic custom routes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the peering to list routes for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR
Direction of the routes to list. To list received routes, use \f5INCOMING\fR. To
list advertised routes, use \f5OUTGOING\fR. \fIDIRECTION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBINCOMING\fR
To list received routes.
.TP 2m
\fBOUTGOING\fR
To list advertised routes.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Network of the peering.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region to list the routes for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List received routes for VPC network peering in us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks peerings list\-routes peering\-name  \e
           \-\-network=network\-name \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-direction=INCOMING
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

