
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute resource\-policies set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Compute Engine resource policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute resource\-policies set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for the given resource policy as defined in a
JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource policy resource \- The resource policy to set the IAM policy for. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[resource_policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR
ID of the resource policy or fully qualified identifier for the resource policy.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine region.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/beta\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the resource policy \f5my\-policy\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies set\-iam\-policy my\-policy \e
    \-\-region=REGION policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute resource\-policies set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies set\-iam\-policy
.RE

