
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations describe \- describe an existing Cloud Domains registration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations describe\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print information about an existing registration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain registration to describe. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [registration] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a registration for \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations describe example.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

