
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION_DETECT\-IMAGE\-PROPERTIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision detect\-image\-properties \- detect general attributes of an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision detect\-image\-properties\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR;\ default="builtin/stable"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Detect general attributes of an image, such as dominant color.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
Path to the image to be analyzed. This can be either a local path or a URL. If
you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google Cloud
Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR; default="builtin/stable"
Model version to use for the feature. \fIMODEL_VERSION\fR must be one of:
\fBbuiltin/latest\fR, \fBbuiltin/stable\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To detect general attributes of image 'gs://my_bucket/input_file':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision detect\-image\-properties \e
    gs://my_bucket/input_file
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml vision detect\-image\-properties
$ gcloud alpha ml vision detect\-image\-properties
.RE

