
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders update \- update the display name of a folder



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders update\fR \fIFOLDER_ID\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates the given folder with new folder name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no folder with the given ID.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to update the given folder.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The new display name is taken by another folder under this folder's parent.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
ID for the folder you want to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
New display name for the folder (unique under the same parent).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates a folder with the ID \f5123456789\fR to have the
name "Foo Bar and Grill":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders update 123456789 \e
    \-\-display_name="Foo Bar and Grill"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

