
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_PLUGINS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments storage plugins \- manage plugins for Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments storage plugins\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha composer environments storage plugins command
group lets you import, export, list, and delete plugins for your Cloud Composer
environment.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete plugins from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export plugins from an environment into local storage or Cloud
Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import plugins from local storage or Cloud Storage into an
environment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the plugins for a Cloud Composer environment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments storage plugins
$ gcloud beta composer environments storage plugins
.RE

