
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DNS_RECORD\-SETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dns record\-sets \- manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dns record\-sets\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBchanges\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View details about changes to your Cloud DNS record\-sets.

.TP 2m
\fBtransaction\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export your record\-sets into a file.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import record\-sets into your managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View the list of record\-sets in a managed\-zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import record\-sets from a BIND zone file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets import \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE \e
    \-\-zone\-file\-format ZONE_FILE
.RE

To export record\-sets in yaml format, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets export \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To see how to make scriptable changes to your record\-sets through transactions,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction \-\-help
.RE

To list all changes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets changes list \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To see change details, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets changes describe CHANGE_ID \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To see the list of all record\-sets, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets list \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets
.RE

