
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_APIS_UNDEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee apis undeploy \- undeploy an Apigee API proxy from an environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee apis undeploy\fR [[\fIREVISION\fR]\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR\ \fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undeploy an Apigee API proxy from an environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- The API proxy revision to be undeployed, and the
environment from which it should be removed. The revision defaults to
\f5auto\fR, which will undeploy whichever revision is currently deployed, unless
there is more than one such revision. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIREVISION\fR]
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
The API proxy to be undeployed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
The environment from which to undeploy the API proxy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the proxy and environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To undeploy an API proxy called \f5\fImy\-api\fR\fR from the \f5\fItest\fR\fR
environment of the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis undeploy \-\-environment=test \-\-api=my\-api
.RE

To undeploy revision 3 of an \f5my\-api\fR from the \f5test\fR environment of
Apigee organization \f5\fItest\-org\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis undeploy \-\-organization=test\-org \e
    \-\-environment=test \-\-api=my\-api 3
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

