
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI\-PLATFORM_MODELS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a model.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on a model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' to the service
account 'test\-proj1@example.domain.com', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for all
authenticated users on a model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

