
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SUBNETS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks subnets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove an IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine subnetwork



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks subnets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fISUBNETWORK\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine
subnetwork.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subnetwork resource \- The subnetwork for which to remove the IAM policy from.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[subnetwork] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBNETWORK\fR
ID of the subnetwork or fully qualified identifier for the subnetwork. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/beta\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin'
for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with subnetwork 'my\-subnet' and region
\'REGION', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks subnets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-subnet \-\-region=REGION \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks subnets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha compute networks subnets remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

