
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_BUDGETS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing budgets describe \- describe a budget



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing budgets describe\fR (\fIBUDGET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a budget.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Budget resource \- Billing budget to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBUDGET\fR
ID of the budget or fully qualified identifier for the budget. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT\fR
The billing account.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbillingbudgets/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/billing/docs/how\-to/budget\-api\-overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the budget 'abc' in account '123', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing budgets describe \e
    "billingAccounts/123/budgets/abc"
.RE

Alternatively, you can run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing budgets describe abc \-\-billing\-account=123
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

