
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_VPC\-ACCESS_CONNECTORS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors delete \- delete a VPC Access connector



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors delete\fR (\fICONNECTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete a new VPC Access connector with the given name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
An instance with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete instances.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connector resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the VPC Access connector
you want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [connector] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTOR\fR
ID of the connector or fully qualified identifier for the connector. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the connector.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvpcaccess/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: http://cloud.google.com



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a VPC Access connector with name
\f5my\-vpc\-connector\fR in region \f5us\-central1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors delete \e
    my\-vpc\-connector \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks vpc\-access connectors delete
.RE

