
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_FINDINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc findings \- manage Cloud SCC findings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc findings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR TODO(b/128331076): Add examples here.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Security Command Center finding.

.TP 2m
\fBgroup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Filter an organization or source's findings and groups them by
their specified properties.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List an organization or source's findings.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-marks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List a finding's security marks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Security Command Center finding.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-marks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Cloud Security Command Center finding's security marks.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

