
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TRACE_SINKS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha trace sinks update \- updates a sink



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha trace sinks update\fR \fISINK_NAME\fR \fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Changes the \fB[destination]\fR associated with a sink. The new
destination must already exist and Stackdriver Trace must have permission to
write to it.

Trace spans are exported to the new destination in a few minutes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISINK_NAME\fR
The name of the sink to update.

.TP 2m
\fIDESTINATION\fR
The new destination for the sink. The destination must be a fully qualified
BigQuery resource name. The destination can be for the same Google Cloud project
or for a different Google Cloud project in the same organization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR
Update a sink associated with this project. This will override the default
project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

$ gcloud alpha trace sinks update my\-sink.RS 2m
bigquery.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/datasets/my_new_dataset

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

