
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_DEPLOYMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee deployments \- manage deployments of Apigee API proxies in runtime environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee deployments\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage deployments of Apigee API proxies in runtime environments.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee deployments\fR contains commands for enumerating and
checking the status of deployments of proxies to runtime environments.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Apigee API proxy deployment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Apigee API proxy deployments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all deployments for the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee deployments list
.RE

To list all deployments in a particular environment of a particular Apigee
organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee deployments list \-\-environment=ENVIRONMENT \e
  \-\-organization=ORG_NAME
.RE

To get the status of a specific deployment as a JSON object, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee deployments describe \-\-api=API_NAME \e
  \-\-environment=ENVIRONMENT \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

