
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_SNAPSHOTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore snapshots create \- create a Cloud Filestore snapshot



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore snapshots create\fR \fISNAPSHOT\fR \fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-instance\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_ZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Take a Cloud Filestore snapshot of an instance file share.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
An instance with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create snapshots.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT\fR
Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore snapshot you want to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR
File share name on the Filestore instance to snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Share name of the Filestore instance you want to snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_ZONE\fR
Zone of the Filestore instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region (e.g. us\-central1) for the regional snapshot.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfile/v1p1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a snapshot with the name 'my\-snapshot' from an instance called
\'my\-instance' in 'us\-central1\-c' and the source file share called 'my\-fs',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots create my\-snapshot \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance \-\-file\-share=my\-fs
    \-\-instance\-zone=us\-central1\-c
.RE

To create a snapshot with the name 'my\-snapshot' in a particular region like
\'us\-central1' from an instance called 'my\-instance' in 'us\-central1\-c' and
the source file share called 'my\-fs', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots create my\-snapshot \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance \-\-file\-share=my\-fs
    \-\-instance\-zone=us\-central1\-c \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

