
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments update \- update properties of a Cloud Composer environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments update\fR (\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) (\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-airflow\-version\fR=\fIAIRFLOW_VERSION\fR\ \fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIIMAGE_VERSION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-airflow\-configs\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-airflow\-configs\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-airflow\-configs\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-env\-variables\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-env\-variables\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-env\-variables\fR=[\fINAME\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-pypi\-packages\-from\-file\fR=\fIUPDATE_PYPI_PACKAGES_FROM_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-pypi\-package\fR=\fIPACKAGE\fR[\fIEXTRAS_LIST\fR]\fIVERSION_SPECIFIER\fR\ \fB\-\-clear\-pypi\-packages\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-pypi\-packages\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update properties of a Cloud Composer environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [environment] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

The update type. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR
The new number of nodes running the environment. Must be >= 3.

.TP 2m

Group of arguments for performing in\-place environment upgrades.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-airflow\-version\fR=\fIAIRFLOW_VERSION\fR
Upgrade the environment to a later Airflow version in\-place.

Must be of the form \f5X.Y[.Z]\fR.

The Airflow version is a semantic version. The patch version can be omitted and
the current version will be selected. The version numbers that are used will be
stored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIIMAGE_VERSION\fR
Upgrade the environment to a later version in\-place.

The image version encapsulates the versions of both Cloud Composer and Apache
Airflow. Must be of the form \f5composer\-A.B.C\-airflow\-X.Y[.Z]\fR.

The Cloud Composer and Airflow versions are semantic versions. \f5latest\fR can
be provided instead of an explicit Cloud Composer version number indicating that
the server will replace \f5latest\fR with the current Cloud Composer version.
For the Apache Airflow portion, the patch version can be omitted and the current
version will be selected. The version numbers that are used will be stored.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Group of arguments for modifying the Airflow configuration.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-airflow\-configs\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of Airflow config override KEY=VALUE pairs to set. If a config override
exists, its value is updated; otherwise, a new config override is created.

KEYs should specify the configuration section and property name, separated by a
hyphen, for example \f5core\-print_stats_interval\fR. The section may not
contain a closing square brace or period. The property name must be non\-empty
and may not contain an equals sign, semicolon, or period. By convention,
property names are spelled with \f5snake_case.\fR VALUEs may contain any
character.

.TP 2m

Arguments available for item removal. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-airflow\-configs\fR
Removes all Airflow config overrides from the environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-airflow\-configs\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of Airflow config override keys to remove.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Group of arguments for modifying environment variables.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-env\-variables\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of environment variable NAME=VALUE pairs to set and provide to the
Airflow scheduler, worker, and webserver processes. If an environment variable
exists, its value is updated; otherwise, a new environment variable is created.

NAMEs are the environment variable names and may contain upper and lowercase
letters, digits, and underscores; they must not begin with a digit.

User\-specified environment variables should not be used to set Airflow
configuration properties. Instead use the \f5\-\-update\-airflow\-configs\fR
flag.

.TP 2m

Arguments available for item removal. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-env\-variables\fR
Removes all environment variables from the environment.

Environment variables that have system\-provided defaults cannot be unset with
the \f5\-\-remove\-env\-variables\fR or \f5\-\-clear\-env\-variables\fR flags;
only the user\-supplied overrides will be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-env\-variables\fR=[\fINAME\fR,...]
A list of environment variables to remove.

Environment variables that have system\-provided defaults cannot be unset with
the \f5\-\-remove\-env\-variables\fR or \f5\-\-clear\-env\-variables\fR flags;
only the user\-supplied overrides will be removed.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Group of arguments for modifying environment labels.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Group of arguments for modifying the PyPI package configuration. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-pypi\-packages\-from\-file\fR=\fIUPDATE_PYPI_PACKAGES_FROM_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing a list of PyPI packages to install in the
environment. Each line in the file should contain a package specification in the
format of the update\-pypi\-package argument defined above. The path can be a
local file path or a Google Cloud Storage file path (Cloud Storage file path
starts with 'gs://').

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-pypi\-package\fR=\fIPACKAGE\fR[\fIEXTRAS_LIST\fR]\fIVERSION_SPECIFIER\fR
A PyPI package to add to the environment. If a package exists, its value is
updated; otherwise, a new package is installed.

The value takes the form of: \f5PACKAGE[EXTRAS_LIST]VERSION_SPECIFIER\fR, as one
would specify in a pip requirements file.

PACKAGE is specified as a package name, such as \f5numpy.\fR EXTRAS_LIST is a
comma\-delimited list of PEP 508 distribution extras that may be empty, in which
case the enclosing square brackets may be omitted. VERSION_SPECIFIER is an
optional PEP 440 version specifier. If both EXTRAS_LIST and VERSION_SPECIFIER
are omitted, the \f5=\fR and everything to the right may be left empty.

This is a repeated argument that can be specified multiple times to update
multiple packages. If PACKAGE appears more than once, the last value will be
used.

.TP 2m

Arguments available for item removal. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-pypi\-packages\fR
Removes all PyPI packages from the environment.

PyPI packages that are required by the environment's core software cannot be
uninstalled with the \f5\-\-remove\-pypi\-packages\fR or
\f5\-\-clear\-pypi\-packages\fR flags.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-pypi\-packages\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR,...]
A list of PyPI package names to remove.

PyPI packages that are required by the environment's core software cannot be
uninstalled with the \f5\-\-remove\-pypi\-packages\fR or
\f5\-\-clear\-pypi\-packages\fR flags.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the Cloud Composer environment named \f5\fIenv\-1\fR\fR to have 8
Airflow workers, and not have the \f5\fIproduction\fR\fR label, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments update env\-1 \-\-node\-count=8 \e
    \-\-remove\-labels=production
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments update
$ gcloud beta composer environments update
.RE

