
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSET_GET\-HISTORY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha asset get\-history \- get the update history of assets that overlaps a time window



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha asset get\-history\fR \fB\-\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET_NAMES\fR,...] \fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR \fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR (\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-end\-time\fR=\fIEND_TIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the update history of assets that overlaps a time window.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET_NAMES\fR,...]
A list of full names of the assets to get the history for. See
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#full_resource_name for name
format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR
Asset content type. Specifying \f5resource\fR will export resource metadata,
specifying \f5iam\-policy\fR will export the IAM policy for each child asset,
specifying \f5org\-policy\fR will export the Org Policy set on child assets, and
specifying \f5access\-policy\fR will export the Access Policy set on child
assets. \fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBresource\fR, \fBiam\-policy\fR,
\fBorg\-policy\fR, \fBaccess\-policy\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Start time of the time window (inclusive) for the asset history. Must be later
than 2018\-10\-02T00:00:00Z. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
time formats.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The ID of the organization which is the root asset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project which is the root asset.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-end\-time\fR=\fIEND_TIME\fR
End time of the time window (exclusive) for the asset history. Defaults to
current time if not specified. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the history of asset metadata for
\'//compute.googleapis.com/projects/test\-project/zones/us\-central1\-f/instances/instance1'
between '2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' and '2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset get\-history \-\-project='test\-project' \e
    \-\-asset\-names='//compute.googleapis.com/projects/test\-project/zo\e
nes/us\-central1\-f/instances/instance1' \e
    \-\-start\-time='2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' \e
    \-\-end\-time='2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z' \-\-content\-type='resource'
.RE

To get the history of asset iam policy for
\'//cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/10179387634' between
\'2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' and '2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z', and project
\'10179387634' is in organization '1060499660910', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset get\-history \-\-organization='1060499660910' \e
    \-\-asset\-names='//cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/10\e
179387634' \-\-start\-time='2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' \e
    \-\-end\-time='2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z' \e
    \-\-content\-type='iam\-policy'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset get\-history
$ gcloud beta asset get\-history
.RE

