
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_LITE\-SUBSCRIPTIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub lite\-subscriptions delete \- delete a Pub/Sub Lite subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub lite\-subscriptions delete\fR (\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Pub/Sub Lite subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Subscription to delete. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [subscription] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the location of the Pub/Sub Lite resource.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR pubsub/lite_zone property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsublite/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a Pub/Sub Lite subscription, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub lite\-subscriptions delete mysubscription \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-subscriptions delete
.RE

