
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAM_WORKLOAD\-IDENTITY\-POOLS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools create \- create a new WorkloadIdentityPool



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools create\fR (\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-disabled\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new WorkloadIdentityPool.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

WorkloadIdentityPool resource \- The WorkloadIdentityPool to create. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[workload_identity_pool] on the command line with a fully specified name; set
the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR
ID of the WorkloadIdentityPool or fully qualified identifier for the
WorkloadIdentityPool. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the pool. Cannot exceed 256 characters.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disabled\fR
Whether the pool is disabled. You cannot use a disabled pool to exchange tokens,
or use existing tokens to access resources. If the pool is re\-enabled, existing
tokens grant access again.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A display name for the pool. Cannot exceed 32 characters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiam/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a disabled WorkloadIdentityPool in the default
project with the ID 'my\-workload\-identity\-pool'. Explicit values for all
required and optional parameters are provided.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools create \e
    my\-workload\-identity\-pool \e
    \-\-location='global' \e
    \-\-display\-name='My workload pool' \e
    \-\-description='My workload pool description' \e
    \-\-disabled
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools create
.RE

