
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta deployment\-manager types list \- describe a type provider type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta deployment\-manager types list\fR [\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR] [\fB\-\-provider\-project\fR=\fIPROVIDER_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR By default, you will see types from your project and gcp\-types. To
see types from any single project, you can use the \-\-provider\-project flag.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR
Type provider name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-provider\-project\fR=\fIPROVIDER_PROJECT\fR
Project id with types you want to see.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print out a list of all available type names, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager types list
.RE

If you only want the types for a specific provider, you can specify which one
using \-\-provider

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager types list \-\-provider=PROVIDER
.RE

By default, we'll show you types from your project and gcp\-types, which
contains the default Google Cloud Platform types. If you want types for only one
project, use the 'provider\-project' flag. Specifying the provider without a
provider\-project will search both your project and gcp\-types for that
provider's types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager types list
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types list
.RE

