
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_APIS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee apis describe \- describe an Apigee API proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee apis describe\fR (\fIAPI\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-verbose\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Apigee API proxy.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee apis describe\fR shows metadata about an API proxy and
its revisions.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

API proxy resource \- API proxy to be described. To get a list of available API
proxies, run \f5gcloud alpha apigee apis list\fR. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPI\fR
ID of the API proxy or fully qualified identifier for the API proxy. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization containing the API proxy. If unspecified, the Cloud Platform
project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-verbose\fR
Include proxy revision info in the description.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an API proxy called \f5\fIproxy\-name\fR\fR given that its matching
Cloud Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe proxy\-name
.RE

To describe an API proxy called \f5\fIother\-proxy\-name\fR\fR in another
project whose Apigee organization is named \f5\fIorg\-name\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe other\-proxy\-name \e
  \-\-organization=org\-name
.RE

To describe an API proxy called \f5\fIproxy\-name\fR\fR and include details on
its revisions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe proxy\-name \-\-verbose
.RE

To describe an API proxy called \f5\fIproxy\-name\fR\fR as a JSON object, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis describe proxy\-name \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

