
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_OAUTH\-CLIENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap oauth\-clients create \- create a Cloud IAP OAuth client for the project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap oauth\-clients create\fR \fIBRAND\fR \fB\-\-display_name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha iap oauth\-clients create\fR is used to create a
Cloud IAP OAuth client for the project. To call this command, the Cloud OAuth
brand for the project must exist and be set for 'internal only'. The client is
owned by Cloud IAP.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Brand resource \- Name of the Cloud OAuth brand to create a Cloud IAP OAuth
client under. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [brand] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBRAND\fR
ID of the brand or fully qualified identifier for the brand.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display_name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
User friendly name for the Cloud IAP OAuth client.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiap/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

