
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_PUBLIC\-KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors public\-keys \- create and manage public keys associated with Attestation Authorities



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors public\-keys\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a public key to an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a public key from an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a public key on an Attestor.


.RE
.sp

.SH "BACKGROUND"

PGP is an encryption standard used by Binary Authorization to create and verify
attestations. A PGP identity is encapsulated by a "key" which can be used to
sign arbitrary data and/or verify signatures to be valid. As with other
asymmetric key cryptosystems, PGP keys have a "public" part and a "private"
part.



.SH "PGP KEY STRUCTURE"

An important feature of PGP keys is that they are hierarchical: Every "PGP key"
is composed of a "master" key pair and zero or more "subkey" pairs certified by
the master. These key pairs are collectively known as the "PGP key." The
"public" part of this PGP key contains the public keys of all the constituent
keys as well as all associated metadata (e.g. an email address). And, as might
be expected, the "private" part of the PGP key contains all constituent private
keys and metadata.

One property of subkeys is that they may be marked as "revoked" if they are
compromised or otherwise need to be retired. This does not remove the subkey
from the PGP key but simply adds metadata indicating this revocation. The master
key pair cannot be revoked by this same mechanism.


.SH "COMMON KEY STRUCTURE"

The most common key structure is to have the master key pair only used to
certify subkey pairs while the subkeys are used to encrypt and sign as
necessary. This allows the PGP key as a whole to act as a durable identity even
if an encryption key is used improperly or a signing key is compromised.



.SH "USAGE IN BINARY AUTHORIZATION"

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Authorities hold a set of PGP public keys that are used to verify attestations.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
These must be submitted in ASCII\-armored format. With GPG, this is accomplished
by adding the \f5\-\-armor\fR flag to the export command.
.RE
.sp
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If any of the public keys held by an attestor verify a given attestation, then
the attestor considers that attestation to be valid (see gcloud alpha container
binauthz attestations create help for more details).
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
As a result, the compromise of any constituent private key means that the
attestor is at risk. The compromised subkey should be revoked and the PGP key
re\-uploaded or removed from the attestor.
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "EXAMPLES"

GPG is a common tool that implements the PGP standard.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
For general \f5gpg\fR usage examples, see gcloud alpha container binauthz help.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
For more detailed and complete documentation, see the GPG manual:
https://gnupg.org/documentation/manuals.html
.RE
.sp

To get the fingerprint of the public key:

.RS 2m
$ gpg \e
      \-\-with\-colons \e
      \-\-with\-fingerprint \e
      \-\-force\-v4\-certs \e
      \-\-list\-keys \e
      "${ATTESTING_USER}" | grep fpr | cut \-\-delimiter=':' \-\-fields 10
.RE

To export a public key:

.RS 2m
$ gpg \e
      \-\-armor \e
      \-\-export "${FINGERPRINT}" \e
      \-\-output public_key1.pgp
.RE

To add your new key to the attestor:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors public\-keys add \e
      \-\-attestor my_attestor \e
      \-\-public\-key\-file=public_key1.pgp
.RE

To add a subkey to your PGP key:

.RS 2m
$ gpg \e
      \-\-quick\-add\-key ${FINGERPRINT} \e
      default \e
      sign
... FOLLOW PROMPTS ...
.RE

To revoke a subkey from your PGP key:

.RS 2m
$ gpg \e
      \-\-edit\-key ${FINGERPRINT}
... SNIP ...
.RE

.RS 2m
sec  rsa2048/8C124F0F782DA097
     created: 2018\-01\-01  expires: never       usage: SCEA
     trust: ultimate      validity: ultimate
ssb  rsa3072/C9597E8F28359AE3
     created: 2018\-01\-01  expires: never       usage: E
[ultimate] (1). User <attesting_user@example.com>
.RE

.RS 2m
gpg> key C9597E8F28359AE3
... SNIP ...
gpg> revkey
... FOLLOW PROMPTS ...
.RE


To update the modified PGP key on the attestor:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors public\-keys update \e
      ${FINGERPRINT} \e
      \-\-attestor=my_attestor \e
      \-\-public\-key\-file=public_key1_updated.pgp
.RE

To remove this new key to the attestor:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors public\-keys remove \e
      ${FINGERPRINT} \e
      \-\-attestor my_attestor
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors public\-keys
.RE

