
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROLLING\-UPDATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates \- manage updates in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Manage updates in a managed instance group.

This command group is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups
managed rolling\-action\fR command group instead.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Rolling update zone name. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property
value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Cancels an existing update.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Gets information about a single update.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Lists all updates for a given group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instance\-updates\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Lists all instance updates for a given update.

.TP 2m
\fBpause\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Pauses an existing update.

.TP 2m
\fBresume\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Resume an existing update.

.TP 2m
\fBrollback\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Rolls back an existing update.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Starts a new rolling update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

