
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSET_ANALYZE\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta asset analyze\-iam\-policy \- analyzes accessible IAM policies that match a request



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta asset analyze\-iam\-policy\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-full\-resource\-name\fR=\fIFULL_RESOURCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-identity\fR=\fIIDENTITY\fR] [\fB\-\-execution\-timeout\fR=\fIEXECUTION_TIMEOUT\fR\ \fB\-\-expand\-groups\fR\ \fB\-\-expand\-resources\fR\ \fB\-\-expand\-roles\fR\ \fB\-\-output\-group\-edges\fR\ \fB\-\-output\-resource\-edges\fR\ \fB\-\-show\-response\fR] [\fB\-\-permissions\fR=[\fIPERMISSIONS\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-roles\fR=[\fIROLES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Analyzes accessible IAM policies that match a request.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The folder ID to perform the analysis.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The organization ID to perform the analysis.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Specifies a resource for analysis. Leaving it empty means ANY.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-full\-resource\-name\fR=\fIFULL_RESOURCE_NAME\fR
The full resource name.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifies an identity for analysis. Leaving it empty means ANY.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-identity\fR=\fIIDENTITY\fR
The identity appearing in the form of members in the IAM policy binding.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

The analysis options.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execution\-timeout\fR=\fIEXECUTION_TIMEOUT\fR
The amount of time the executable has to complete. See JSON representation of
Duration (https://developers.google.com/protocol\-buffers/docs/proto3#json).
Deafult is empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expand\-groups\fR
If true, the identities section of the result will expand any Google groups
appearing in an IAM policy binding. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expand\-resources\fR
If true, the resource section of the result will expand any resource attached to
an IAM policy to include resources lower in the resource hierarchy. Default is
false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expand\-roles\fR
If true, the access section of result will expand any roles appearing in IAM
policy bindings to include their permissions. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-group\-edges\fR
If true, the result will output group identity edges, starting from the
binding's group members, to any expanded identities. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-resource\-edges\fR
If true, the result will output resource edges, starting from the policy
attached resource, to any expanded resources. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-response\fR
If true, the response will be showed as\-is in the command output.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specifies roles or permissions for analysis. Leaving it empty means ANY.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permissions\fR=[\fIPERMISSIONS\fR,...]
The permissions to appear in the result.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-roles\fR=[\fIROLES\fR,...]
The roles to appear in the result.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To find out which users have been granted the iam.serviceAccounts.actAs
permission on a service account, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset analyze\-iam\-policy \-\-organization=YOUR_ORG_ID \e
    \-\-full\-resource\-name=YOUR_SERVICE_ACCOUNT_FULL_RESOURCE_NAME \e
    \-\-permissions='iam.serviceAccounts.actAs'
.RE


To find out which resources a user can access, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset analyze\-iam\-policy \-\-organization=YOUR_ORG_ID \e
    \-\-identity='user:u1@foo.com'
.RE

To find out which roles or permissions a user has been granted on a project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset analyze\-iam\-policy \-\-organization=YOUR_ORG_ID \e
    \-\-full\-resource\-name=YOUR_PROJECT_FULL_RESOURCE_NAME \e
    \-\-identity='user:u1@foo.com'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset analyze\-iam\-policy
.RE

