
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create \- create Google Compute Engine Resource Policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine Resource Policies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBvm\-maintenance\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine VM Maintenance Resource Policies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBgroup\-placement\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine group placement resource policy.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshot\-schedule\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine Snapshot Schedule Resource Policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute resource\-policies create
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies create
.RE

