
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for a project, given a project ID and a file
encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Project resource \- The project to set the IAM policy for. This represents a
Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The ID of the project or a fully qualified identifier for the project.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudresourcemanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and sets it for a project with the ID
\f5example\-project\-id\-1\fR:

$ gcloud alpha projects set\-iam\-policy example\-project\-id\-1 \e.RS 2m
policy.json

.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta projects set\-iam\-policy
.RE

