
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_DICOM\-STORES_EXPORT_BQ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores export bq \- export a Cloud Healthcare API API DICOM store to BigQuery



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores export bq\fR (\fIDICOM_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-overwrite\-table\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a Cloud Healthcare API API DICOM store to BigQuery.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

DicomStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store to export. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dicom_store] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDICOM_STORE\fR
ID of the dicomStore or fully qualified identifier for the dicomStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR
The BigQuery table where the DICOM store should be written. If this table does
not exist, a new table with the given name will be created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-overwrite\-table\fR
If the destination table already exists and this flag is \f5TRUE\fR, the table
will be overwritten by the contents of the DICOM store. If the flag is not set
and the destination table already exists, the export call returns an error.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export the dicom\-store 'test\-dicom\-store' to the BigQuery table
\'testtable' in the dataset 'testdataset', overwriting any existing table, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores export bq test\-dicom\-store \e
    \-\-bq\-table=bq://my\-project.testdataset.testtable \e
    \-\-overwrite\-table \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare dicom\-stores export bq
.RE

