
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_CONNECT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql connect \- connects to a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql connect\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default=9470] [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR,\ \fB\-u\fR\ \fIUSER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Connects to Cloud SQL V2 instances through the Cloud SQL Proxy.
Connects to Cloud SQL V1 instances directly.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR, \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR
The PostgreSQL database to connect to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default=9470
Port number that gcloud will use to connect to the Cloud SQL Proxy through
localhost.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR, \fB\-u\fR \fIUSER\fR
Cloud SQL instance user to connect as.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To connect to a Cloud SQL instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta sql connect my\-instance \-\-user=root
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql connect
$ gcloud alpha sql connect
.RE

