
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_EXTERNAL\-VPN\-GATEWAYS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways update \- update a Google Compute Engine external VPN gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways update\fR updates labels for a Google
Compute Engine external VPN gateway. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways update example\-gateway \e
  \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

will add/update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with
key \f5\fIk3\fR\fR.

Labels can be used to identify the External VPN gateway and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways list \e
    \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways describe example\-gateway \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the external VPN gateway to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update labels for an external VPN gateway, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways update my\-external\-gateway  \e
                 \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways update
$ gcloud beta compute external\-vpn\-gateways update
.RE

