
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_MEMCACHE_OPERATIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta memcache operations delete \- delete a Memorystore Memcached operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta memcache operations delete\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes a Memorystore Memcached operation given a valid operation
name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The operation specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given operation.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Memcached
operation you want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [operation] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Memcached region of the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmemcache/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes an operation in region us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache operations delete \e
    operation\-1484002552235\-425b144f8c3f8\-81aa4b49\-0830d1e9 \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache operations delete
.RE

