
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ANTHOS_APPLY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha anthos apply \- apply configuration changes for Anthos infrastructure



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha anthos apply\fR \fILOCAL_DIR\fR [\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Apply configuration changes for Anthos infrastructure.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILOCAL_DIR\fR
Directory of package to apply.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To apply Anthos package to a Google Kubernetes Engine cluster in project
\f5my\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha anthos apply my\-config \-\-project=my\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta anthos apply
.RE

