
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_OS\-INVENTORY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances os\-inventory \- read Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related Resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances os\-inventory\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Compute Engine OS inventory data.

For more information about OS inventory, see the OS inventory documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/os\-inventory\-management).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine virtual instance's OS inventory
data.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List instances with specific OS inventory data values.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances os\-inventory
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory
.RE

