
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APIGEE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta apigee \- manage Apigee resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta apigee\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBapis\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee API proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBapplications\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage third\-party applications which call Apigee API proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBdeployments\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage deployments of Apigee API proxies in runtime environments.

.TP 2m
\fBdevelopers\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee developers.

.TP 2m
\fBenvironments\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee environments.

.TP 2m
\fBorganizations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee organizations.

.TP 2m
\fBproducts\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee API products.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list API proxies in the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis list
.RE

To deploy an API proxy named \f5\fIhello\-world\fR\fR to the \f5\fItest\fR\fR
environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis deploy \-\-environment=test \-\-api=hello\-world
.RE

To get the status of that deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee deployments describe \-\-environment=test \e
    \-\-api=hello\-world
.RE

To undeploy that API proxy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy \-\-environment=test \e
    \-\-api=hello\-world
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee
$ gcloud alpha apigee
.RE

