
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates export \- export a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates export\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Exports a workflow template's configuration to a file. This configuration can be
imported at a later time.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to export. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [TEMPLATE] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes
an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Google
Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a
special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all
Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc
regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the workflow template configuration will be exported.
The exported data will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you
may omit this flag to write to standard output. A schema describing the
export/import format can be found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/dataproc/v1/WorkflowTemplate.yaml.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version of the workflow template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates export
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates export
.RE

