
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics delete \- deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics delete\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fITOPIC\fR\ ...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- One or more topics to delete. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[topic] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR [\fITOPIC\fR ...]
IDs of the topics or fully qualified identifiers for the topics.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a Cloud Pub/Sub topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics delete mytopic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics delete
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics delete
.RE

