
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_SERVICES_RESOLVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta service\-directory services resolve \- resolve a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta service\-directory services resolve\fR (\fISERVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-endpoint\-filter\fR=\fIENDPOINT_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-endpoints\fR=\fIMAX_ENDPOINTS\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Resolve a service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The Service Directory service to resolve. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [service] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
The name of the namespace for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-endpoint\-filter\fR=\fIENDPOINT_FILTER\fR
Apply a Boolean filter EXPRESSION to each endpoint in the service. If the
expression evaluates True, then that endpoint is listed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-endpoints\fR=\fIMAX_ENDPOINTS\fR
Maximum number of endpoints to return.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To resolve Service Directory services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory services resolve my\-service \e
    \-\-namespace=my\-namespace \-\-location=us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory services resolve
.RE

