
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RECOMMENDER_RECOMMENDATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta recommender recommendations \- manage Cloud resource recommendations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta recommender recommendations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud resource recommendations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a recommendation for a Cloud project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists recommendations for a Cloud project.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-claimed\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Mark the Recommendation State as CLAIMED. Can only be performed on
recommendations in CLAIMED or ACTIVE state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-failed\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Mark a recommendation's state as FAILED. mark\-failed can be
applied to recommendations in ACTIVE, CLAIMED, SUCCEEDED, or FAILED state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-succeeded\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Mark a recommendation's state as SUCCEEDED. mark\-succeeded can be
applied to recommendations in ACTIVE, CLAIMED, SUCCEEDED, or FAILED state.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha recommender recommendations
.RE

