
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FILESTORE_INSTANCES_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta filestore instances restore \- restore a Cloud Filestore instance from a backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta filestore instances restore\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR \fB\-\-source\-backup\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP\fR \fB\-\-source\-backup\-region\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP_REGION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Restore an existing Cloud Filestore instance from an existing
backup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore instance to
restore. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the Filestore instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR
File share to restore from the backup.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-backup\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP\fR
Name of the Filestore backup to restore from.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-backup\-region\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP_REGION\fR
Region of the Filestore backup to restore from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfile/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore instances restore
.RE

