
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_UPGRADE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable instances upgrade \- upgrade an existing instance's type from development to production



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable instances upgrade\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Upgrade an existing instance's type from development to production.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to upgrade. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances upgrade
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances upgrade
.RE

