
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRIES_LOOKUP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries lookup \- lookup a Cloud Data Catalog entry by its target name



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries lookup\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lookup a Cloud Data Catalog entry by its target name.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
The name of the target resource to lookup. This can be either the Google Cloud
Platform resource name or the SQL name of a Google Cloud Platform resource. SQL
names follow Standard SQL lexical structure:
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard\-sql/lexical


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To lookup the entry for a Cloud Pub/Sub topic by its Google Cloud Platform
resource name, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries lookup \e
    //pubsub.googleapis.com/projects/project1/topics/topic1
.RE

To lookup the entry for a Cloud Pub/Sub topic by its SQL name, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries lookup \e
    'pubsub.topic.`my\-project1`.topic1'
.RE

To lookup the entry for a BigQuery table by its SQL name, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries lookup \e
    'bigquery.table.`my\-project1`.my_dataset.my_table'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entries lookup
.RE

