
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks update \- update a Google Compute Engine network



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-bgp\-routing\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-switch\-to\-custom\-subnet\-mode\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute networks update\fR is used to update Google Compute Engine
networks.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the network to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bgp\-routing\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
The target BGP routing mode for this network. \fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBglobal\fR
Cloud Routers in this network advertise subnetworks from all regions to their
BGP peers, and program instances in all regions with the router's best learned
BGP routes.
.TP 2m
\fBregional\fR
Cloud Routers in this network advertise subnetworks from their local region only
to their BGP peers, and program instances in their local region only with the
router's best learned BGP routes.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-switch\-to\-custom\-subnet\-mode\fR
Switch to custom subnet mode. This action cannot be undone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks update
$ gcloud beta compute networks update
.RE

