
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-GRPC\-PROXIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-grpc\-proxies \- manage Compute Engine target gRPC proxy resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-grpc\-proxies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete target gRPC proxies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a target gRPC proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete one or more target gRPC proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about a target gRPC proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a target gRPC proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a target gRPC proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine target gRPC proxies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-grpc\-proxies
$ gcloud beta compute target\-grpc\-proxies
.RE

