
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_PEERED\-DNS\-DOMAINS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services peered\-dns\-domains create \- create a peered DNS domain for a private service connection



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services peered\-dns\-domains create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-dns\-suffix\fR=\fIDNS_SUFFIX\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR;\ default="servicenetworking.googleapis.com"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command creates a peered DNS domain for a private service
connection which sends requests for records in a given namespace originating in
the service producer VPC network to the consumer VPC network to be resolved.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the peered DNS domain to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dns\-suffix\fR=\fIDNS_SUFFIX\fR
The DNS domain name suffix of the peered DNS domain.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The network in the consumer project peered with the service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR; default="servicenetworking.googleapis.com"
The name of the service to create a peered DNS domain for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a peered DNS domain called \f5example\-com\fR which forwards DNS
requests for the domain suffix \f5example.com.\fR for a private service
connection between service \f5peering\-service\fR and the consumer network
\f5my\-network\fR in the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services peered\-dns\-domains create example\-com \e
    \-\-network=my\-network \e
    \-\-service=peering\-service \-\-dns\-suffix=example.com.
.RE

To run the same command asynchronously (non\-blocking), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services peered\-dns\-domains create example\-com \e
    \-\-network=my\-network \e
    \-\-service=peering\-service \-\-dns\-suffix=example.com. \e
    \-\-async
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta services peered\-dns\-domains create
.RE

