
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CLOUD\-SHELL_SCP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha cloud\-shell scp \- copies files between Cloud Shell and the local machine



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha cloud\-shell scp\fR (\fIcloudshell\fR|\fIlocalhost\fR):\fISRC\fR [(\fIcloudshell\fR|\fIlocalhost\fR):\fISRC\fR\ ...] (\fIcloudshell\fR|\fIlocalhost\fR):\fIDEST\fR [\fB\-\-boosted\fR] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-recurse\fR] [\fB\-\-scp\-flag\fR=\fISCP_FLAG\fR] [\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha cloud\-shell scp\fR copies files between your
Cloud Shell instance and your local machine using the scp command.

To denote a file in Cloud Shell, prefix the file name with the string
"cloudshell:" (e.g. \fIcloudshell:\fR~/\fIFILE\fR). To denote a local file,
prefix the file name with the string "localhost:" (e.g.
\fIlocalhost:\fR~/\fIFILE\fR). For example, to copy a remote directory to your
local machine, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha cloud\-shell scp cloudshell:~/REMOTE\-DIR \e
  localhost:~/LOCAL\-DIR
.RE

In the above example, \fB\fI~/REMOTE\-DIR\fR\fR from your Cloud Shell instance
is copied into the ~/\fILOCAL\-DIR\fR directory.

Conversely, files from your local computer can be copied into Cloud Shell:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha cloud\-shell scp localhost:~/LOCAL\-FILE\-1 \e
  localhost:~/LOCAL\-FILE\-2 cloudshell:~/REMOTE\-DIR
.RE

Under the covers, \fBscp(1)\fR or pscp (on Windows) is used to facilitate the
transfer.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
(\fIcloudshell\fR|\fIlocalhost\fR):\fISRC\fR [(\fIcloudshell\fR|\fIlocalhost\fR):\fISRC\fR ...]
Specifies the files to copy.

.TP 2m
(\fIcloudshell\fR|\fIlocalhost\fR):\fIDEST\fR
Specifies a destination for the source files.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-boosted\fR
If provided, starts Cloud Shell in boost mode. If there is alread a running
Cloud Shell session that is not boosted, this will restart the session.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
If provided, prints the command that would be run to standard out instead of
executing it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\-key\-file\-overwrite\fR
If enabled gcloud will regenerate and overwrite the files associated with a
broken SSH key without asking for confirmation in both interactive and
non\-interactive environment.

If disabled gcloud will not attempt to regenerate the files associated with a
broken SSH key and fail in both interactive and non\-interactive environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recurse\fR
Upload directories recursively.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scp\-flag\fR=\fISCP_FLAG\fR
Extra flag to be sent to scp. This flag may be repeated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ssh\-key\-file\fR
The path to the SSH key file. By default, this is
\fB~/.ssh/google_compute_engine\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

