
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_QUOTA_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services quota delete \- delete a quota override for a consumer



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services quota delete\fR \fB\-\-consumer\fR=\fICONSUMER\fR \fB\-\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR \fB\-\-override\-id\fR=\fIOVERRIDE_ID\fR \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-unit\fR=\fIUNIT\fR [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command deletes a quota override for a consumer. The
supported consumers are projects, folders, and organizations. The override ID
can be found from list command output.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-consumer\fR=\fICONSUMER\fR
The consumer to delete a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR
The metric to delete a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-override\-id\fR=\fIOVERRIDE_ID\fR
The override ID of the override previous created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The service to delete a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unit\fR=\fIUNIT\fR
The unit of a metric to delete a quota override for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Force override deletion even if the change results in a substantial decrease in
available quota.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a quota override for a project with project number, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services quota delete \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/12321
    \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
    \-\-unit=1/min/{project}
.RE

To delete a quota override for a project with project ID, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services quota delete \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/hello
    \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
    \-\-unit=1/min/{project}
.RE

To delete a quota override for an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services quota delete \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=organizations/555
    \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
    \-\-unit=1/min/{project}
.RE

To force the deletion of a quota override, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services quota delete \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/12321
    \-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
    \-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-force
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

