
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_DETACH\-SUBSCRIPTION" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics detach\-subscription \- detaches one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics detach\-subscription\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR\ ...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detaches one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- One or more subscriptions to detach. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR ...]
IDs of the subscriptions or fully qualified identifiers for the subscriptions.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To detach a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics detach\-subscription mysubscription
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics detach\-subscription
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics detach\-subscription
.RE

