
.TH "GCLOUD_IOT_DEVICES_CREDENTIALS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iot devices credentials delete \- delete a credential from a device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iot devices credentials delete\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete a credential from a device.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device from which to delete credentials. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-device] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot devices credentials delete
$ gcloud beta iot devices credentials delete
.RE

