
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPE\-PROVIDERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers update \- update a type provider



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers update\fR \fIPROVIDER_NAME\fR \fB\-\-descriptor\-url\fR=\fIDESCRIPTOR_URL\fR [\fB\-\-api\-options\-file\fR=\fIAPI_OPTIONS_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command updates a type provider.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROVIDER_NAME\fR
Type provider name or URI.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-descriptor\-url\fR=\fIDESCRIPTOR_URL\fR
URL of API of your type.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\-options\-file\fR=\fIAPI_OPTIONS_FILE\fR
YAML file with options for the API: e.g. options and collection overrides.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Optional description of the type provider.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a type provider, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager type\-providers update \e
    my\-type\-provider \-\-api\-options=my\-options.yaml \e
    \-\-descriptor\-url <descriptor URL> \-\-description "My type."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager type\-providers update
.RE

