
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_VARIANTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics variants list \- lists variants that match the search criteria



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics variants list\fR \fB\-\-reference\-name\fR=\fIREFERENCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-call\-set\-ids\fR=\fICALL_SET_IDS\fR,[...]] [\fB\-\-end\fR=\fIEND\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\-calls\fR=\fILIMIT_CALLS\fR] [\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR] [\fB\-\-variant\-set\-id\fR=\fIVARIANT_SET_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=512] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists variants that match the search criteria.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reference\-name\fR=\fIREFERENCE_NAME\fR
Only return variants in this reference sequence.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-call\-set\-ids\fR=\fICALL_SET_IDS\fR,[...]
Restrict the list to variants which have calls from the listed call sets. If
omitted, a \-\-variant\-set\-id must be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-end\fR=\fIEND\fR
The end of the window (0\-based exclusive) for which variants should be
returned. If unspecified or 0, defaults to the length of the reference.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\-calls\fR=\fILIMIT_CALLS\fR
The maximum number of calls to return.At least one variant will be returned even
if it exceeds this limit.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR
The beginning of the window (0\-based inclusive) for which overlapping variants
should be returned. If unspecified, defaults to 0.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-variant\-set\-id\fR=\fIVARIANT_SET_ID\fR
Restrict the list to variants in this variant set. If omitted, a call set id
must be included in the request.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=512
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB512\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

