
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_JOBS_STREAM\-LOGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine jobs stream\-logs \- show logs from a running AI Platform job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine jobs stream\-logs\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fB\-\-allow\-multiline\-logs\fR] [\fB\-\-polling\-interval\fR=\fIPOLLING_INTERVAL\fR;\ default=60] [\fB\-\-task\-name\fR=\fITASK_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show logs from a running AI Platform job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
Name of the job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\-multiline\-logs\fR
Output multiline log messages as single records.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-polling\-interval\fR=\fIPOLLING_INTERVAL\fR; default=60
Number of seconds to wait between efforts to fetch the latest log messages.
Overrides the default \fBml_engine/polling_interval\fR property value for this
command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-task\-name\fR=\fITASK_NAME\fR
If set, display only the logs for this particular task.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show the logs from running the AI Platform job \f5\fImy\-job\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine jobs stream\-logs my\-job
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine jobs stream\-logs
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine jobs stream\-logs
.RE

