
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_ANNOTATION\-STORES_EXPORT_BQ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores export bq \- export Cloud Healthcare API Annotation records to BigQuery



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores export bq\fR (\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export Cloud Healthcare API Annotation records to BigQuery.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

AnnotationStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API Annotation store to export
annotations from. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [annotation_store] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIANNOTATION_STORE\fR
ID of the annotationStore or fully qualified identifier for the annotationStore.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR
BigQuery table that annotation records will be exported to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export the annotation\-store 'test\-annotation\-store' to the BigQuery table
\'bqtable' in the BigQuery dataset \f5bqdataset\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare annotation\-stores export bq \e
    test\-annotation\-store \e
    \-\-bq\-table=bq://my\-project.bqdataset.bqtable \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

