
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql instances \- provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances including
creating, configuring, restarting, and deleting instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBclone\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Clones a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Displays configuration and metadata about a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBfailover\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Causes a high\-availability Cloud SQL instance to failover.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from
Google Cloud Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists Cloud SQL instances in a given project.

.TP 2m
\fBpatch\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBpromote\-replica\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Promotes Cloud SQL read replica to a stand\-alone instance.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\-ssl\-config\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes all client certificates and generates a new server
certificate.

.TP 2m
\fBrestart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restarts a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\-backup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances
$ gcloud beta sql instances
.RE

