
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_REMOVE\-BACKEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-services remove\-backend \- remove a backend from a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR ([\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR]\ |\ [\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\-zone\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP_ZONE\fR]) [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR is
used to remove a backend from a backend service.

Before removing a backend, it is a good idea to "drain" the backend first. A
backend can be drained by setting its capacity scaler to zero through 'gcloud
compute backend\-services edit'.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance Group

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR
Name of the instance group to remove from the backend service. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR
The region of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified, you may be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Network Endpoint Group

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP\fR
Name of the network endpoint group to remove from the backend service. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\-zone\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP_ZONE\fR
The zone of the network endpoint group to remove from the backend service. If
not specified and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If provided, it is assumed the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the backend service to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services remove\-backend
.RE

