
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_REMOVE\-PATH\-MATCHER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-path\-matcher \- remove a path matcher from a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-path\-matcher\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR \fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-path\-matcher\fR is used
to remove a path matcher from a URL map. When a path matcher is removed, all
host rules that refer to the path matcher are also removed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP\fR
Name of the URL map to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR
The name of the path matcher to remove.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove the path matcher named \f5\fIMY\-MATCHER\fR\fR from the URL map named
\f5\fIMY\-URL\-MAP\fR\fR, you can use this command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps remove\-path\-matcher MY\-URL\-MAP \e
    \-\-path\-matcher\-name=MY\-MATCHER
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps remove\-path\-matcher
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps remove\-path\-matcher
.RE

