
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROLLING\-UPDATES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates describe \- gets information about a single update



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates describe\fR \fIUPDATE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command group is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud
alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action\fR command group instead.

This command gets information about a single update.

By default, this information is displayed in yaml format. You can also specify
json or text formats.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUPDATE\fR
Update id.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Rolling update zone name. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property
value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

