
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys versions import \- import a version into an existing crypto key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys versions import\fR \fB\-\-algorithm\fR=\fIALGORITHM\fR \fB\-\-import\-job\fR=\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-public\-key\-file\fR=\fIPUBLIC_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-rsa\-aes\-wrapped\-key\-file\fR=\fIRSA_AES_WRAPPED_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-key\-file\fR=\fITARGET_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Imports wrapped key material into a new version within an existing crypto key
following the import procedure documented at
https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/importing\-a\-key.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-algorithm\fR=\fIALGORITHM\fR
The algorithm to assign to the new key version. For more information about
supported algorithms, see https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/algorithms.
\fIALGORITHM\fR must be one of: \fBec\-sign\-p256\-sha256\fR,
\fBec\-sign\-p384\-sha384\fR, \fBgoogle\-symmetric\-encryption\fR,
\fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-2048\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-3072\-sha256\fR,
\fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-4096\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-decrypt\-oaep\-4096\-sha512\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-2048\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-3072\-sha256\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-4096\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pkcs1\-4096\-sha512\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-2048\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-3072\-sha256\fR,
\fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-4096\-sha256\fR, \fBrsa\-sign\-pss\-4096\-sha512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-job\fR=\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR
Name of the import job to import from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key to import into.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-key\-file\fR=\fIPUBLIC_KEY_FILE\fR
Optional path to the public key of the ImportJob, used to wrap the key for
import. If missing, the public key will be fetched on your behalf.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-rsa\-aes\-wrapped\-key\-file\fR=\fIRSA_AES_WRAPPED_KEY_FILE\fR
Path to the wrapped RSA AES key file to import.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-key\-file\fR=\fITARGET_KEY_FILE\fR
Optional path to the unwrapped target key to import into a Cloud KMS key
version. If specified, the key will be securely wrapped before transmission to
Google.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read the files 'path/to/ephemeral/key' and
\'path/to/target/key' and use them to create a new version with algorithm
\'google\-symmetric\-encryption' within the 'frodo' crypto key, 'fellowship'
keyring, and 'us\-central1' location using import job 'strider' to unwrap the
provided key material.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions import \-\-location=global \e
     \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
     \-\-key=frodo \e
     \-\-import\-job=strider \e
     \-\-rsa\-aes\-wrapped\-key\-file=path/to/target/key \e
     \-\-algorithm=google\-symmetric\-encryption
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions import
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions import
.RE

