
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_TRUSTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha active\-directory domains trusts delete \- delete an Active Directory Trust between a Managed Microsoft AD domain and a target domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha active\-directory domains trusts delete\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR \fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Active Directory trust between a Managed Microsoft AD
domain and a target domain.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The domain specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given domain.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The AD trust specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given AD trust.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to delete a
trust from. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR
Target domain name for the Managed Microsoft AD trust you want to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes an AD trust between \f5my\-ad\-domain.com\fR and
\f5my\-target\-domain.com\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains trusts delete \e
    my\-ad\-domain.com \-\-target\-domain\-name=my\-target\-domain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud active\-directory domains trusts delete
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains trusts delete
.RE

