
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_WORKLOAD\-IDENTITY\-POOLS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools delete \- delete a WorkloadIdentityPool



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools delete\fR (\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a WorkloadIdentityPool.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

WorkloadIdentityPool resource \- The WorkloadIdentityPool to delete. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[workload_identity_pool] on the command line with a fully specified name; set
the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR
ID of the WorkloadIdentityPool or fully qualified identifier for the
WorkloadIdentityPool. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiam/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes the WorkloadIdentityPool with the ID
\'my\-workload\-identity\-pool':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools delete \e
    my\-workload\-identity\-pool \-\-location=global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools delete
.RE

