
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_WORKFLOWS_EXECUTE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta workflows execute \- execute a workflow



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta workflows execute\fR (\fIWORKFLOW\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Execute a workflow.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workflow resource \- Name of the workflow to execute. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [workflow] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKFLOW\fR
ID of the workflow or fully qualified identifier for the workflow. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the workflow. Alternatively, set the property
[workflows/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR
JSON string with data that will be passed to the workflow as an argument.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBworkflowexecutions/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://sites.google.com/corp/google.com/cloudworkflows



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

