
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ANTHOS_CREATE\-LOGIN\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta anthos create\-login\-config \- generates a login configuration file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta anthos create\-login\-config\fR \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR [\fB\-\-merge\-from\fR=\fIMERGE_FROM\fR] [\fB\-\-output\fR=\fIOUTPUT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Generates the file containing configuration information developers
will use to authenticate to an AWS Anthos cluster.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
Specifies the input kubeconfig file to access user cluster for login
configuration data.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-merge\-from\fR=\fIMERGE_FROM\fR
Specifies the file path of an existing login configuration file to merge with.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\fR=\fIOUTPUT\fR
Destination to write login configuration file. Defaults to
"kubectl\-anthos\-config.yaml".


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To generate the default login config file (kubectl\-anthos\-config.yaml) using
the kubeconfig file 'my\-kube\-config.yaml':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta anthos create\-login\-config \e
    \-\-kubeconfig 'my\-kube\-config.yaml'
.RE

To generate a config named 'myconfg.yaml' the \-\-kubeconfig file
\'my\-kube\-config.yaml':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta anthos create\-login\-config \e
    \-\-kubeconfig 'my\-kube\-config.yaml' \-\-output 'myconfg.yaml'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud anthos create\-login\-config
$ gcloud alpha anthos create\-login\-config
.RE

