
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FUNCTIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha functions \- manage Google Cloud Functions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha functions\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Cloud Functions.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBevent\-types\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List types of events that can be a trigger for a Google Cloud
Function.

.TP 2m
\fBlogs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display log entries produced by Google Cloud Functions.

.TP 2m
\fBregions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List regions available to Google Cloud Functions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcall\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Trigger execution of a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create or update a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display details of a Google Cloud Function.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Cloud Functions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud functions
$ gcloud beta functions
.RE

