
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations update \- update a domain registration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations update\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-registrant\-contact\-from\-file\fR=\fIREGISTRANT_CONTACT_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-whois\-privacy\fR=\fIWHOIS_PRIVACY\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone\fR=\fICLOUD_DNS_ZONE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-name\-servers\fR=\fINAME_SERVER\fR,...,[...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command updates an existing registration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain registration to update. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [registration] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registrant\-contact\-from\-file\fR=\fIREGISTRANT_CONTACT_FROM_FILE\fR
A YAML file containing the required WHOIS data. If specified, this file must
contain values for all required fields: email, phoneNumber and postalAddress in
google.type.PostalAddress format.

For more guidance on how to specify postalAddress, please see:
https://support.google.com/business/answer/6397478

Example file contents:

.RS 2m
email: 'example@example.com'
phoneNumber: '+11234567890'
postalAddress:
  regionCode: 'US'
  postalCode: '94043'
  administrativeArea: 'CA'
  locality: 'Mountain View'
  addressLines: ['1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy']
  recipients: ['Jane Doe']
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR
Don't actually update registration. Only validate arguments.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-whois\-privacy\fR=\fIWHOIS_PRIVACY\fR
The WHOIS privacy mode to use. \fIWHOIS_PRIVACY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpublish\-redacted\-contact\-data\fR
Limited personal info will be available to the public. The actual information
redacted depends on the domain.
.TP 2m
\fBuse\-whois\-privacy\-proxy\fR
Your contact info won't be available to the public. To help protect your info
and prevent spam, a third party provides alternate contact info for your domain
in the WHOIS directory at no extra cost.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Set the addresses of authoritative name servers for the given domain. At most
one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone\fR=\fICLOUD_DNS_ZONE\fR
The name of the Cloud DNS managed\-zone to set as the name server for the
domain. If it's in the same project, you can use short name. If not, use the
full resource name, e.g.:
\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone=projects/example\-project/managedZones/example\-zone

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\-servers\fR=\fINAME_SERVER\fR,...,[...]
List of DNS name servers for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable WHOIS privacy for example.com, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations update example.com \e
    \-\-whois\-privacy=use\-whois\-privacy\-proxy
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

