
.TH "GCLOUD_SPANNER_DATABASES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud spanner databases set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud spanner databases set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database to set IAM policy binding for.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[database] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Name of JSON or YAML file with the IAM policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta spanner databases set\-iam\-policy
.RE

