
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SNAPSHOTS_REMOVE\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute snapshots remove\-labels \- remove labels from Google Compute Engine snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute snapshots remove\-labels\fR \fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute snapshots remove\-labels\fR removes labels
from a Google Compute Engine snapshot.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR
Name of the snapshot to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all labels from the resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of label keys to remove from the resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove existing labels with key \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR from
\'example\-snapshot'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute snapshots remove\-labels example\-snapshot \e
    \-\-labels=k0,k1
.RE

Labels can be used to identify the snapshot and to filter them. To find a
snapshot labeled with key\-value pair \f5\fIk1\fR\fR, \f5\fIv2\fR\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute snapshots list \-\-filter='labels.k1:v2'
.RE

To list only the labels when describing a resource, use \-\-format

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute snapshots describe example\-snapshot \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute snapshots remove\-labels
$ gcloud beta compute snapshots remove\-labels
.RE

