
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_ROLLING\-ACTION_REPLACE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action replace \- replaces instances in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action replace\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR] [\fB\-\-replacement\-method\fR=\fIREPLACEMENT_METHOD\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes the existing instance and creates a new instance from the
target template. The Updater creates a brand new instance with all new instance
properties, such as new internal and external IP addresses.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR
Maximum additional number of instances that can be created during the update
process. This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the
managed instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR
Maximum number of instances that can be unavailable during the update process.
This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the managed
instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR
Minimum time for which a newly created instance should be ready to be considered
available. For example \f510s\fR for 10 seconds. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replacement\-method\fR=\fIREPLACEMENT_METHOD\fR
Type of replacement method. Specifies what action will be taken to update
instances. \fIREPLACEMENT_METHOD\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrecreate\fR
Updated instances will be recreated with the same name.
.TP 2m
\fBsubstitute\fR
Updated instances will be deleted and created again with another name.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action replace
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action replace
.RE

