
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances \- read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

For more information about virtual machine instances, see the virtual machine
instances documentation (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/).

See also: Instances API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbulk\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manipulate multiple Compute Engine virtual machines with single
command executions.

.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\-interfaces\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine VM instance network interfaces.

.TP 2m
\fBops\-agents\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Operation Suite (Ops) agents for Compute Engine VM
instances.

.TP 2m
\fBos\-inventory\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Compute Engine OS Inventory Data and Related Resources.

.TP 2m
\fBvulnerabilities\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List and describe instance vulnerabilities.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-access\-config\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add labels to Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-metadata\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add or update instance metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-resource\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add resource policies to Compute Engine VM instances.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-tags\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add tags to Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBattach\-disk\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Attach a disk to an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-with\-container\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates Compute Engine virtual machine instances running container
images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-access\-config\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network
interface.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdetach\-disk\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detach disks from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a Compute Engine virtual machine instance's configuration
to a file.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-guest\-attributes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the Guest Attributes for a compute instance.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-serial\-port\-output\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-shielded\-identity\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the Shielded identity for a Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Compute Engine virtual machine instances from virtual
appliance in OVA/OVF format.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Move an instance and its attached persistent disks between zones.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine
instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-metadata\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove instance metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-resource\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove resource policies to Compute Engine VM instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-tags\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove tags from Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Reset a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBresume\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Resume a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-disk\-auto\-delete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set auto\-delete behavior for disks.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-machine\-type\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set machine type for Compute Engine virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Set minimum CPU platform for Compute Engine
virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-name\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the name of a Compute Engine virtual machine.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-scheduling\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set scheduling options for Compute Engine virtual machines.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-scopes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set scopes and service account for a Compute Engine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBsimulate\-maintenance\-event\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Simulate maintenance of virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start a stopped virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Stop a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBsuspend\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Suspend a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBtail\-serial\-port\-output\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's
serial port and display it as it becomes available.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine virtual machine.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-access\-config\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine virtual machine access configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-container\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates Compute Engine virtual machine instances running container
images.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-from\-file\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine virtual machine instance using a
configuration file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances
$ gcloud beta compute instances
.RE

