
.TH "GCLOUD_FUNCTIONS_CALL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud functions call \- trigger execution of a Google Cloud Function



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud functions call\fR (\fINAME\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Function resource \- The Cloud function name to execute. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [NAME] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
ID of the function or fully qualified identifier for the function. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the function. Overrides the default \f5functions/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\fR=\fIDATA\fR
JSON string with data that will be passed to the function.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To call a function, giving it 'Hello World!' in the message field of its event
argument (depending on your environment you might need to escape characters in
\f5\-\-data\fR flag value differently), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud functions call helloWorld \e
  \-\-data='{"message": "Hello World!"}'
.RE

Note that this method has a limited quota which cannot be increased. It is
intended for testing and debugging and should not be used in production.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha functions call
$ gcloud beta functions call
.RE

