
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager policies create \- create a new access policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager policies create\fR \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR \fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new access policy.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization for the access policies.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
Short human\-readable title of the access level.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager policies create
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager policies create
.RE

