
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_WEB\-SECURITY\-SCANNER_SCAN\-RUNS_LIST\-CRAWLED\-URLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs list\-crawled\-urls \- list crawled URLs for a scan run



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs list\-crawled\-urls\fR (\fB\-\-scan\-run\fR=\fISCAN_RUN\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-scan\-config\fR=\fISCAN_CONFIG\fR) [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List crawled URLs for a scan run.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Scan run resource \- Scan run to list crawled URLs for. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-scan\-run] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scan\-run\fR=\fISCAN_RUN\fR
ID of the scan\-run or fully qualified identifier for the scan\-run. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scan\-config\fR=\fISCAN_CONFIG\fR
The ID of a Scan Config.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBwebsecurityscanner/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/security\-scanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following commands delete the specified scan config:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs list\-crawled\-urls \e
    \-\-scan\-run=SCAN_RUN
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs list\-crawled\-urls \e
    \-\-scan\-run=SCAN_RUN_ID \-\-scan\-config=SCAN_CONFIG_ID \e
    \-\-project=testProject \-\-limit=5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

