
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SCC_ASSETS_UPDATE\-MARKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta scc assets update\-marks \- update Cloud Security Command Center asset's security marks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta scc assets update\-marks\fR (\fIASSET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-security\-marks\fR=[\fISECURITY_MARKS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-mask\fR=\fIUPDATE_MASK\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update Cloud Security Command Center asset's security marks.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Asset resource \- The asset you want to update. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIASSET\fR
ID of the asset or fully qualified identifier for the asset. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
(Optional) If the full resource name isn't provided e.g. organizations/123, then
provide the organization id which is the suffix of the organization. Example:
organizations/123, the id is 123.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-marks\fR=[\fISECURITY_MARKS\fR,...]
SecurityMarks resource to be passed as the request body. It's a key=value pair
separated by comma (,). For example: \-\-security\-marks "key1=val1,key2=val2".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Time at which the updated SecurityMarks take effect. For example
2019\-02\-28T07:00:00Z

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-mask\fR=\fIUPDATE_MASK\fR
Use update\-mask if you want to selectively update marks represented by
\-\-security\-marks flag. For example: \-\-update\-mask "marks.key1,marks.key2".
If you want to override all the marks for the given asset either skip the
update\-mask flag or provide an empty value (\-\-update\-mask '') for it.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Selectively update value of security mark (key1) with 'val1.1' on asset 5678
under organization 123456. Note that other security marks on the same asset will
not change.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets update\-marks 5678 \-\-organization=123456 \e
    \-\-security\-marks "key1=val1.1" \-\-update\-mask "marks.key1"
.RE

Update value of security mark (key1) and delete other marks on asset 5678 under
organization 123456:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets update\-marks 5678 \-\-organization=123456 \e
    \-\-security\-marks "key1=updatedVal"
.RE

Delete all security marks on asset 5678 under organization 123456:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets update\-marks 5678 \-\-organization=123456 \e
    \-\-security\-marks ""
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc assets update\-marks
$ gcloud alpha scc assets update\-marks
.RE

