
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES_CONFIGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices configs update \- update a specific device configuration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices configs update\fR (\fB\-\-config\-data\fR=\fICONFIG_DATA\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FILE\fR) (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fB\-\-version\-to\-update\fR=\fIVERSION_TO_UPDATE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command updates the current configuration of the device.

It \fBalways\fR creates a new config with a new version number; if
\f5\-\-version\-to\-update\fR is provided, the config at that version is used as
a base.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-data\fR=\fICONFIG_DATA\fR
The data for this configuration, as a string. For any values that contain
special characters (in the context of your shell), use the
\f5\-\-config\-file\fR flag instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-file\fR=\fICONFIG_FILE\fR
Path to a local file containing the data for this configuration.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device for the configuration to update. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [\-\-device] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
The ID of the device or a fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\-to\-update\fR=\fIVERSION_TO_UPDATE\fR
The version number to update. If this value is \f50\fR or unspecified, it will
not check the version number of the server and will always update the current
version; otherwise, this update will fail if the version number provided does
not match the latest version on the server. This is used to detect conflicts
with simultaneous updates.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices configs update
$ gcloud beta iot devices configs update
.RE

