
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NETWORK\-SECURITY_CLIENT\-TLS\-POLICIES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha network\-security client\-tls\-policies import \- import client TLS policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha network\-security client\-tls\-policies import\fR (\fICLIENT_TLS_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a client TLS policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Client TLS policy resource \- Name of the client TLS policy to import. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[client_tls_policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLIENT_TLS_POLICY\fR
ID of the client TLS policy or fully qualified identifier for the client TLS
policy. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location Id.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a YAML file containing the configuration export data. The YAML file must
not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag to
read from standard input. A schema describing the export/import format can be
found in: $CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/...


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworksecurity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

