
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAM_ROLES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iam roles delete \- delete a custom role from an organization or a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iam roles delete\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR (\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command deletes a role.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The role specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given role.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the custom role to delete. For example: CustomRole. You must also
specify the \f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to delete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project of the role you want to delete.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the role \f5\fIProjectUpdater\fR\fR of the organization
\f5\fI1234567\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam roles delete ProjectUpdater \-\-organization=1234567
.RE

To delete the role \f5\fIProjectUpdater\fR\fR of the project
\f5\fImyproject\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam roles delete ProjectUpdater \-\-project=myproject
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles delete
$ gcloud alpha iam roles delete
.RE

