
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_ADD\-JOB_PRESTO" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job presto \- add a Presto job to the workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job presto\fR \fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR (\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR,\ \fB\-e\fR\ \fIQUERY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR,\ \fB\-f\fR\ \fIFILE\fR) (\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-client\-tags\fR=[\fICLIENT_TAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-query\-output\-format\fR=\fIQUERY_OUTPUT_FORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add a Presto job to the workflow template.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR
The step ID of the job in the workflow template.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execute\fR=\fIQUERY\fR, \fB\-e\fR \fIQUERY\fR
A Presto query to execute.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR, \fB\-f\fR \fIFILE\fR
HCFS URI of file containing the Presto script to execute.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to add job to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-workflow\-template] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-client\-tags\fR=[\fICLIENT_TAG\fR,...]
A list of Presto client tags to attach to this query.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-continue\-on\-failure\fR
Whether to continue if a query fails.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
A list of package\-to\-log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPARAM\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of key value pairs to set Presto session properties.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\-output\-format\fR=\fIQUERY_OUTPUT_FORMAT\fR
The query output display format. See the Presto documentation for supported
output formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]
(Optional) List of step IDs to start this job after.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add a Presto job that executes query 'QUERY' to a the workflow template
\'my\-workflow\-template' in region 'us\-central1' with step\-id 'my\-step\-id',

run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job presto \e
    \-\-step\-id=my\-step_id \-e=QUERY \e
    \-\-workflow\-template=my\-workflow\-template \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job presto
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job presto
.RE

