
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud composer environments create \- create and initialize a Cloud Composer environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud composer environments create\fR (\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-airflow\-configs\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR;\ default="100GB"] [\fB\-\-env\-variables\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-oauth\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-python\-version\fR=\fIPYTHON_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

If run asynchronously with \f5\-\-async\fR, exits after printing an operation
that can be used to poll the status of the creation operation via:

.RS 2m
gcloud composer operations describe
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- The environment to create. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [environment] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-airflow\-configs\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of Airflow software configuration override KEY=VALUE pairs to set. For
information on how to structure KEYs and VALUEs, run \f5$ gcloud help composer
environments update\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR; default="100GB"
The disk size for each VM node in the environment. The minimum size is 20GB, and
the maximum is 64TB. Specified value must be an integer multiple of gigabytes.
Cannot be updated after the environment has been created. If units are not
provided, defaults to GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-env\-variables\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A comma\-delimited list of environment variable \f5NAME=VALUE\fR pairs to
provide to the Airflow scheduler, worker, and webserver processes. NAME may
contain upper and lowercase letters, digits, and underscores, but they may not
begin with a digit. To include commas as part of a \f5VALUE\fR, see \f5gcloud
topics escaping\fR for information about overriding the delimiter.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The Compute Engine machine type
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/machine\-types) to use for nodes. For
example \f5\-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-1\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR
The number of nodes to create to run the environment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-oauth\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
The set of Google API scopes to be made available on all of the node VMs.
Defaults to ['https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud\-platform']. Cannot be
updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-python\-version\fR=\fIPYTHON_VERSION\fR
The Python version to be used within the created environment. Supplied value
should represent the desired major Python version. Cannot be updated.
\fIPYTHON_VERSION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB2\fR
Created environment will use Python 2
.TP 2m
\fB3\fR
Created environment will use Python 3
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The Google Cloud Platform service account to be used by the node VMs. If a
service account is not specified, the "default" Compute Engine service account
for the project is used. Cannot be updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]
The set of instance tags applied to all node VMs. Tags are used to identify
valid sources or targets for network firewalls. Each tag within the list must
comply with RFC 1035. Cannot be updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The Compute Engine zone in which the environment will be created. For example
\f5\-\-zone=us\-central1\-a\fR.

.TP 2m

Virtual Private Cloud networking

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The Compute Engine Network to which the environment will be connected. If a
\'Custom Subnet Network' is provided, \f5\-\-subnetwork\fR must be specified as
well. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR
The Compute Engine subnetwork
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/subnetworks) to which the environment
will be connected.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha composer environments create
$ gcloud beta composer environments create
.RE

