
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_LITE\-TOPICS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics create \- create a Pub/Sub Lite topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics create\fR \fITOPIC\fR \fB\-\-partitions\fR=\fIPARTITIONS\fR \fB\-\-per\-partition\-bytes\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_BYTES\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-message\-retention\-period\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_PERIOD\fR] [\fB\-\-per\-partition\-publish\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_PUBLISH_MIB\fR;\ default=4] [\fB\-\-per\-partition\-subscribe\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_SUBSCRIBE_MIB\fR;\ default=8] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Pub/Sub Lite topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
Topic ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-partitions\fR=\fIPARTITIONS\fR
Number of partitions in the topic.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-per\-partition\-bytes\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_BYTES\fR
Provisioned storage, in bytes, per partition. If the number of bytes stored in
any of the topic's partitions exceeds this value, older messages will be dropped
to make room for newer ones, regardless of the value of
\f5message\-retention\-period\fR. A valid example value of this flag would be
\f5per\-partition\-bytes=30GiB\fR.

.TP 2m

Location resource \- Identifies the Cloud zone this command will be executed on.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-zone] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-retention\-period\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_PERIOD\fR
How long a published message is retained. If unset, messages will only be
dropped to make space for new ones once the \f5per\-partition\-bytes\fR limit is
reached. A valid example value of this flag would be
\f5message\-retention\-period="2w"\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-per\-partition\-publish\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_PUBLISH_MIB\fR; default=4
Topic partition publish throughput capacity in MiB/s. Must be between 4 and 16.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-per\-partition\-subscribe\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_SUBSCRIBE_MIB\fR; default=8
Topic partition subscribe throughput capacity in MiB/s. Must be between 4 and
32.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsublite/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Pub/Sub lite\-topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics create mytopic \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-partitions=1 \e
    \-\-per\-partition\-bytes=30GiB \e
    \-\-message\-retention\-period=2w
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub lite\-topics create
$ gcloud beta pubsub lite\-topics create
.RE

