
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_VPC\-ACCESS_CONNECTORS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors describe \- show metadata for a VPC Access connector



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors describe\fR (\fICONNECTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Display all metadata associated with a VPC Access connector given a valid
connector name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The connector specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given operation.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connector resource \- The connector to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [connector] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTOR\fR
ID of the connector or fully qualified identifier for the connector. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the connector.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvpcaccess/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: http://cloud.google.com



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command prints metadata for a connector with name
\f5my\-vpcaccesss\-connector\fR in region \f5us\-central1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors describe \e
    my\-vpcaccess\-connector \-\-region=us\-central
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks vpc\-access connectors describe
.RE

