
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_DASHBOARDS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards \- manage Cloud Monitoring dashboards



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards group lets you manage
Monitoring dashboards.

More information on managing dashboards can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/dashboards/api\-dashboard



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud Monitoring dashboard.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Monitoring dashboard.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Monitoring dashboard.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Monitoring dashboards.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Monitoring dashboard.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud monitoring dashboards
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards
.RE

