
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_INTENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow intents \- create, list, describe, and delete Dialogflow intents



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow intents\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Intents convert a number of user expressions or patterns into an
action. An action is an extraction of a user command or sentence semantics.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Dialogflow entity type for the agent of the current
project.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Dialogflow intent.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Dialogflow intent.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all Dialogflow intents for the agent of the current project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Dialogflow entity type for the agent of the current
project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

