
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_MAINTENANCE\-POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute maintenance\-policies create \- create a Google Compute Engine Maintenance Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute maintenance\-policies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute maintenance\-policies create creates a
Maintenance Policy which specifies what kind of maintenance operations may be
performed and when they can be performed.

Currently Maintenance Policies are only available for instances and only support
1\-day cycles.


\fR

.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the maintenance policy to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Start time of a four\-hour window in which maintenance activity should start in
given cadence. Valid choices are 00:00, 04:00, 08:00,12:00, 16:00 and 20:00 UTC.
See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats. For example,
\f5\-\-start\-time="03:00\-05"\fR (which gets converted to 08:00 UTC).


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the maintenance policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the maintenance policy to operate on. If not specified, you will
be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

