
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_ASSOCIATIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations create \- create a new association between a security policy and an organization or folder resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations create\fR \fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR] [\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-replace\-association\-on\-target\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations
create\fR is used to create organization security policy associations. An
organization security policy is a set of rules that controls access to various
resources.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Security policy ID of the association.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
ID of the folder with which the association is created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Name to identify this association. If unspecified, the name will be set to
"organization\-{ORGANIZATION_ID}" or "folder\-{FOLDER_ID}".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
ID of the organization in which the security policy is to be associated. Must be
set if SECURITY_POLICY is display name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replace\-association\-on\-target\fR
By default, if you attempt to insert an association to an organization or folder
resource that is already associated with a security policy the method will fail.
If this is set, the existing association will be deleted at the same time that
the new association is created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To associate an organization security policy under folder with ID ``123456789"
to folder ``987654321", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies associations create \e
    create \-\-security\-policy=123456789 \-\-folder=987654321
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies associations create
.RE

