
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_CONFIGURE_MANAGEMENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations configure management \- configure management settings of a Cloud Domains registration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations configure management\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-transfer\-lock\-state\fR=\fITRANSFER_LOCK_STATE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure management settings of a registration. This includes
settings related to transfers, billing and renewals of a registration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain registration to configure management
settings for. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [registration] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. To set the [location] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; location is
always global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transfer\-lock\-state\fR=\fITRANSFER_LOCK_STATE\fR
Transfer Lock of a registration. It needs to be unlocked in order to transfer
the domain to another registrar. \fITRANSFER_LOCK_STATE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocked\fR
The transfer lock is locked.
.TP 2m
\fBunlocked\fR
The transfer lock is unlocked.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To unlock a transfer lock of a registration for \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations configure management \e
    example.com \-\-transfer\-lock\-state=unlocked
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta domains registrations configure management
.RE

