
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute resource\-policies \- manage Compute Engine Resource Policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute resource\-policies\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Manage Compute Engine resource policies.

For more information about resource policies, see the resource policies
documentation (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/access#resource\-policies).

See also: Resource policies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/resourcePolicies).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create Google Compute Engine Resource Policies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete a Google Compute Engine resource policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a Google Compute Engine resource policy.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine resource policy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine resource policies.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine resource policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies
.RE

