
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_GET\-CREDENTIALS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container clusters get\-credentials \- fetch credentials for a running cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container clusters get\-credentials\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-internal\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

gcloud container clusters get\-credentials updates a \f5kubeconfig\fR file with
appropriate credentials and endpoint information to point \f5kubectl\fR at a
specific cluster in Google Kubernetes Engine.

It takes a project and a zone as parameters, passed through by set defaults or
flags. By default, credentials are written to \f5HOME/.kube/config\fR. You can
provide an alternate path by setting the \f5KUBECONFIG\fR environment variable.

This command enables switching to a specific cluster, when working with multiple
clusters. It can also be used to access a previously created cluster from a new
workstation.

By default, gcloud container clusters get\-credentials will configure kubectl to
automatically refresh its credentials using the same identity as gcloud. If you
are running kubectl as part of an application, it is recommended to use
application default credentials
(https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production). To configure a
\f5kubeconfig\fR file to use application default credentials, set the
container/use_application_default_credentials Cloud SDK property
(https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/properties) to true before running gcloud
container clusters get\-credentials

See https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes\-engine/docs/kubectl for kubectl
documentation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the cluster to get credentials for. Overrides the default
\fBcontainer/cluster\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-internal\-ip\fR
Whether to use the internal IP address of the cluster endpoint.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To switch to working on your cluster 'testcluster1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters get\-credentials testcluster1 \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-f
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container clusters get\-credentials
$ gcloud beta container clusters get\-credentials
.RE

