
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_MODIFY\-ACK\-DEADLINE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-ack\-deadline \- modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud Pub/Sub message



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-ack\-deadline\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fIACK_ID\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR [\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud
Pub/Sub message.

This command has been renamed. Please use \f5modify\-message\-ack\-deadline\fR
instead.

This method is useful to indicate that more time is needed to process a message
by the subscriber, or to make the message available for redelivery if the
processing was interrupted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription messages belong to. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
[\fIACK_ID\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.

Positional argument \f5ACK_ID\fR is deprecated. Please use \f5\-\-ack\-ids\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR
The number of seconds the system will wait for a subscriber to acknowledge
receiving a message before re\-attempting delivery.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]
One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-ack\-deadline
.RE

