
.TH "GCLOUD_IDENTITY_GROUPS_MEMBERSHIPS_ADD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud identity groups memberships add \- create a new membership in an existing group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud identity groups memberships add\fR \fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR \fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR [\fB\-\-roles\fR=[\fIROLES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new membership in an existing group.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\-email\fR=\fIGROUP_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group the new membership is being added to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\-email\fR=\fIMEMBER_EMAIL\fR
The email address of the group or user being added to a group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-roles\fR=[\fIROLES\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of roles for a member within the Group. If not
specified, MEMBER will be used as a default value.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new membership in a group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups memberships add \e
    \-\-group\-email="eng\-discuss@foo.com"  \e
    \-\-member\-email="user@foo.com"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups memberships add
$ gcloud beta identity groups memberships add
.RE

