
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN_SSH\-KEYS_REMOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove \- remove an SSH public key from an OS Login profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove\fR (\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove\fR will take
either a string containing an SSH public key or a filename for an SSH public key
and will remove that key from the user's OS Login profile. The key value passed
in can either be the full SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint for that key.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The SSH public key to remove from the OS Login Profile. Key value can either be
the SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing an SSH public key to remove from the OS Login
Profile. Key value can either be the SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the
key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys remove
.RE

