
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_IMPORT\-JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms import\-jobs describe \- get metadata for a given import job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms import\-jobs describe\fR \fIIMPORT_JOB\fR [\fB\-\-attestation\-file\fR=\fIATTESTATION_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Returns metadata for the given import job.

The optional flag \f5\-\-attestation\-file\fR specifies file to write the
attestation into. The attestation enables the user to verify the integrity and
provenance of the key. See https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/attest\-key for
more information about attestations.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR
Name of the import job to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestation\-file\fR=\fIATTESTATION_FILE\fR
Path to the output attestation file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the import job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the import job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command returns metadata for import job 'strider' within the
keyring 'fellowship' in the location 'us\-central1':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms import\-jobs describe strider \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE

For import jobs with protection level \f5HSM\fR, use the
\f5\-\-attestation\-file\fR flag to save the attestation to a local file.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms import\-jobs describe strider \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-attestation\-file=path/to/attestation.dat
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs describe
$ gcloud beta kms import\-jobs describe
.RE

