
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_SSL\-CERTIFICATES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute ssl\-certificates delete \- delete Google Compute Engine SSL certificates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute ssl\-certificates delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute ssl\-certificates delete\fR deletes one or
more Google Compute Engine SSL certificates. SSL certificates can only be
deleted when no other resources (e.g., target HTTPS proxies) refer to them.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the SSL certificates to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the SSL certificates are global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the SSL certificates to delete. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssl\-certificates delete
$ gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates delete
.RE

