
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_IMAGES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search images describe \- descibe a reference image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search images describe\fR (\fIREFERENCE_IMAGE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-product\fR=\fIPRODUCT\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR descibe a reference image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Reference image resource \- Reference image to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [reference_image] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREFERENCE_IMAGE\fR
ID of the reference image or fully qualified identifier for the reference image.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of reference image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\fR=\fIPRODUCT\fR
The ID of product.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the image 'my\-image' of 'my\-product' in location of 'us\-east1',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search images describe my\-image \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-product=my\-product
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search images describe
.RE

