
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FILESTORE_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta filestore instances create \- create a Cloud Filestore instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta filestore instances create\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-file\-share\fR=[\fIcapacity\fR=\fICAPACITY\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fInfs\-export\-options\fR=\fINFS\-EXPORT\-OPTIONS\fR] \fB\-\-network\fR=[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIreserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED\-IP\-RANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR;\ default="BASIC_HDD"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Filestore instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to create. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=[\fIcapacity\fR=\fICAPACITY\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fInfs\-export\-options\fR=\fINFS\-EXPORT\-OPTIONS\fR]
File share configuration for an instance. Specifying both \f5name\fR and
\f5capacity\fR is required.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcapacity\fR
The desired size of the volume in GB or TB units. If no size unit is specified,
GB is assumed. Acceptable instance sizes for each tier are as follows:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
BASIC_HDD: 1TB\-63.9TB in 1GB increments or its multiples.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
BASIC_SSD: 2.5TB\-63.9TB in 1GB increments or its multiples.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
HIGH_SCALE_SSD: 60TB\-320TB in 10TB increments or its multiples.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
The desired logical name of the volume.

.TP 2m
\fBnfs\-export\-options\fR
The NfsExportOptions for the Cloud Filestore instance file share. Configuring
NfsExportOptions is optional. Use the \f5\-\-flags\-file\fR flag to specify the
path to a JSON or YAML configuration file that contains the required
NfsExportOptions flags.

.TP 2m
\fBip\-ranges\fR
A list of IPv4 addresses or CIDR ranges that are allowed to mount the file
share. IPv4 addresses format: {octet 1}.{octet 2}.{octet 3}.{octet 4}. CIDR
range format: {octet 1}.{octet 2}.{octet 3}.{octet 4}/{mask size}. Overlapping
IP ranges, even across NfsExportOptions, are not allowed and will return an
error. The limit of IP ranges/addresses for each FileShareConfig among all
NfsExportOptions is 64 per instance.

.TP 2m
\fBaccess\-mode\fR
The type of access allowed for the specified IP\-addresses or CIDR ranges.
READ_ONLY: Allows only read requests on the exported file share. READ_WRITE:
Allows both read and write requests on the exported file share. The default
setting is READ_WRITE.

.TP 2m
\fBsquash\-mode\fR
Enables or disables root squash for the specified IP addresses or CIDR ranges.
NO_ROOT_SQUASH: Disables root squash to allow root access on the exported file
share. ROOT_SQUASH. Enables root squash to remove root access on the exported
file share. The default setting is NO_ROOT_SQUASH.

.TP 2m
\fBanon_uid\fR
An integer that represents the user ID of anonymous users. Anon_uid may only be
set when squash_mode is set to ROOT_SQUASH. If NO_ROOT_SQUASH is specified, an
error will be returned. The default value is 65534.

.TP 2m
\fBanon_gid\fR
An integer that represents the group ID of anonymous groups. Anon_gid may only
be set when squash_mode is set to ROOT_SQUASH. If NO_ROOT_SQUASH is specified,
an error will be returned. The default value is 65534.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIreserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED\-IP\-RANGE\fR]
Network configuration for a Cloud Filestore instance. Specifying
\f5reserved\-ip\-range\fR is optional.
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine VPC network to which the instance is
connected.
.TP 2m
\fBreserved\-ip\-range\fR
A CIDR block in one of the internal IP address ranges
(https://www.arin.net/knowledge/address_filters.html) that identifies the range
of IP addresses reserved for this instance. Basic instances must use a /29 block
and High Scale instances must use a /23 block. For example, 10.0.0.0/29 for
BASIC tier or 192.168.0.0/23 for HIGH_SCALE_SSD tier. The range you specify
can't overlap with either existing subnets or assigned IP address ranges for
other Cloud Filestore instances in the selected VPC network. We recommend that
you skip this field to allow Cloud Filestore to automatically find a free IP
address range and assign it to the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the Cloud Filestore instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
(DEPRECATED) Location of the Cloud Filestore instance.

The \f5\-\-location\fR flag is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-zone\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR; default="BASIC_HDD"
The service tier for the Cloud Filestore instance. For more details, see:
https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/instance\-tiers

\fITIER\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbasic\-hdd\fR
Performant NFS storage system using HDD.
.TP 2m
\fBbasic\-ssd\fR
Performant NFS storage system using SSD.
.TP 2m
\fBhigh\-scale\-ssd\fR
NFS storage system with expanded capacity and performance scaling capabilities.
.TP 2m
\fBpremium\fR
Premium Filestore instance, An alias for BASIC_SSD. Use BASIC_SSD instead
whenever possible.
.TP 2m
\fBstandard\fR
Standard Filestore instance, An alias for BASIC_HDD. Use BASIC_HDD instead
whenever possible.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a Cloud Filestore instance named NAME with a
single volume.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore instances create NAME       \e
  \-\-description=DESCRIPTION \-\-tier=TIER       \e
  \-\-file\-share=name=VOLUME_NAME,capacity=CAPACITY       \e
  \-\-network=name=NETWORK_NAME,\e
reserved\-ip\-range=RESERVED_IP_RANGE       \-\-zone=ZONE       \e
    \-\-flags\-file=FLAGS_FILE
.RE

.RS 2m
Example json configuration file:
{ "\-\-file\-share": {"capacity": "102400",
"name": "my_vol",
"nfs\-export\-options": [
  {
    "access\-mode": "READ_WRITE",
    "ip\-ranges": [
      "10.0.0.0/29",
      "10.2.0.0/29"
    ],
    "squash\-mode": "ROOT_SQUASH",
    "anon_uid": 1003,
    "anon_gid": 1003
  },
   {
    "access\-mode": "READ_ONLY",
    "ip\-ranges": [
      "192.168.0.0/24"
    ],
    "squash\-mode": "NO_ROOT_SQUASH"
  }
],
 } }
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances create
$ gcloud alpha filestore instances create
.RE

