
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_MANAGED\-ZONES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns managed\-zones \- manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns managed\-zones\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an empty Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the details of a Cloud DNS managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the list of all your managed\-zones.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing Cloud DNS managed\-zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones create my_zone \e
    \-\-description="My Zone" \-\-dns\-name="my.zone.com."
.RE

To delete a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones delete my_zone
.RE

To view the details of a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones describe my_zone
.RE

To see the list of all managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones
.RE

