
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_REGISTER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations register \- register a new domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations register\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fB\-\-contact\-data\-from\-file\fR=\fICONTACT_DATA_FILE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-contact\-privacy\fR=\fICONTACT_PRIVACY\fR] [\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone\fR=\fICLOUD_DNS_ZONE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-name\-servers\fR=\fINAME_SERVER\fR,...,[...]\ |\ \fB\-\-use\-google\-domains\-dns\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-disable\-dnssec\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-notices\fR=[\fINOTICE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-yearly\-price\fR=\fIYEARLY_PRICE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud Domains registration resource by registering a
new domain. The new resource's ID will be equal to the domain name.

After this command executes, the resource will be in state REGISTRATION_PENDING.
The registration process should complete in less than 5 minutes. After that the
resource will be in state ACTIVE. In rare cases this process can take much
longer due, for example, to a downtime of the domain registry.

Also in rare cases, the domain may end up in state REGISTRATION_FAILED. In that
case, delete the registration resource and try again.

When using Cloud DNS Zone or Google Domains name servers, DNSSEC will be enabled
by default where possible. You can choose to not enable DNSSEC by using the
\-\-disable\-dnssec flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain name to register. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [registration] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-contact\-data\-from\-file\fR=\fICONTACT_DATA_FILE_NAME\fR
A YAML file containing the contact data for the domain's three contacts:
registrant, admin, and technical.

The file can either specify a single set of contact data with label
\'allContacts', or three separate sets of contact data with labels
\'adminContact' and 'technicalContact'.

Each contact data must contain values for all required fields: email,
phoneNumber and postalAddress in google.type.PostalAddress format.

For more guidance on how to specify postalAddress, please see:
https://support.google.com/business/answer/6397478

Examples of file contents:

.RS 2m
allContacts:
  email: 'example@example.com'
  phoneNumber: '+1.8005550123'
  postalAddress:
    regionCode: 'US'
    postalCode: '94043'
    administrativeArea: 'CA'
    locality: 'Mountain View'
    addressLines: ['1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy']
    recipients: ['Jane Doe']
.RE

.RS 2m
registrantContact:
  email: 'registrant@example.com'
  phoneNumber: '+1.8005550123'
  postalAddress:
    regionCode: 'US'
    postalCode: '94043'
    administrativeArea: 'CA'
    locality: 'Mountain View'
    addressLines: ['1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy']
    recipients: ['Registrant Jane Doe']
adminContact:
  email: 'admin@example.com'
  phoneNumber: '+1.8005550123'
  postalAddress:
    regionCode: 'US'
    postalCode: '94043'
    administrativeArea: 'CA'
    locality: 'Mountain View'
    addressLines: ['1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy']
    recipients: ['Admin Jane Doe']
technicalContact:
  email: 'technical@example.com'
  phoneNumber: '+1.8005550123'
  postalAddress:
    regionCode: 'US'
    postalCode: '94043'
    administrativeArea: 'CA'
    locality: 'Mountain View'
    addressLines: ['1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy']
    recipients: ['Technic Jane Doe']
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-contact\-privacy\fR=\fICONTACT_PRIVACY\fR
The contact privacy mode to use. Supported privacy modes depend on the domain.
\fICONTACT_PRIVACY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBprivate\-contact\-data\fR
Your contact info won't be available to the public. To help protect your info
and prevent spam, a third party provides alternate (proxy) contact info for your
domain in the public directory at no extra cost. They will forward received
messages to you.
.TP 2m
\fBpublic\-contact\-data\fR
All the data from contact config is publicly available. To set this value, you
must also pass the \-\-notices flag with value
public\-contact\-data\-acknowledgement or agree to the notice interactively.
.TP 2m
\fBredacted\-contact\-data\fR
Limited personal information will be available to the public. The actual
information redacted depends on the domain. For more information see
https://support.google.com/domains/answer/3251242.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR
Don't actually create registration. Only validate arguments.

.TP 2m

Set the authoritative name servers for the given domain. At most one of these
may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone\fR=\fICLOUD_DNS_ZONE\fR
The name of the Cloud DNS managed\-zone to set as the name server for the
domain. If it's in the same project, you can use short name. If not, use the
full resource name, e.g.:
\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone=projects/example\-project/managedZones/example\-zone. If
the zone is signed, DNSSEC will be enabled by default unless you pass
\-\-disable\-dnssec.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\-servers\fR=\fINAME_SERVER\fR,...,[...]
List of DNS name servers for the domain.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-google\-domains\-dns\fR
Use free name servers provided by Google Domains. If the zone is signed, DNSSEC
will be enabled by default unless you pass \-\-disable\-dnssec.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-dnssec\fR
Use this flag to disable DNSSEC, or to skip enabling it when switching to a
Cloud DNS Zone or Google Domains nameservers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-notices\fR=[\fINOTICE\fR,...]
Notices about special properties of certain domains or contacts. \fINOTICE\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpublic\-contact\-data\-acknowledgement\fR
By sending this notice you acknowledge that using public\-contact\-data contact
privacy makes all the data from contact config publicly available.
.TP 2m
\fBhsts\-preloaded\fR
By sending this notice you acknowledge that the domain is preloaded on the HTTP
Strict Transport Security list in browsers. Serving a website on such domain
will require an SSL certificate. See
https://support.google.com/domains/answer/7638036 for details.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-yearly\-price\fR=\fIYEARLY_PRICE\fR
You must accept the yearly price of the domain, either in the interactive flow
or using this flag. The expected format is a number followed by a currency code,
e.g. "12.00 USD". You can get the price using the get\-register\-parameters
command.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To register \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR interactively, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations register example.com
.RE

To register \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR using contact data from a YAML file
\f5\fIcontacts.yaml\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations register example.com \e
    \-\-contact\-data\-from\-file=contacts.yaml
.RE

To register \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR with interactive prompts disabled, provide
\-\-contact\-data\-from\-file, \-\-contact\-privacy, \-\-yearly\-price flags and
one of the flags for setting authoritative name servers. Sometimes also
\-\-notices flag is required. For example, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations register example.com \e
    \-\-contact\-data\-from\-file=contacts.yaml \e
    \-\-contact\-privacy=private\-contact\-data \e
    \-\-yearly\-price="12.00 USD" \-\-cloud\-dns\-zone=example\-com \-\-quiet
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta domains registrations register
.RE

