
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_REMOVE\-BACKEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute backend\-services remove\-backend \- remove a backend from a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR ([\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR]\ |\ [\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-global\-network\-endpoint\-group\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\-zone\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP_ZONE\fR]) [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute backend\-services remove\-backend\fR is used
to remove a backend from a backend service.

Before removing a backend, it is a good idea to "drain" the backend first. A
backend can be drained by setting its capacity scaler to zero through 'gcloud
compute backend\-services edit'.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance Group

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP\fR
Name of the instance group to remove from the backend service. For details on
valid instance names, refer to the criteria documented under the field 'name'
at: https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-region\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_REGION\fR
Region of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified, you may be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-group\-zone\fR=\fIINSTANCE_GROUP_ZONE\fR
Zone of the instance group to remove from the backend service. If not specified
and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Network Endpoint Group

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP\fR
Name of the network endpoint group to remove from the backend service. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-network\-endpoint\-group\fR
If set, the network endpoint group is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-group\-zone\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_GROUP_ZONE\fR
Zone of the network endpoint group to remove from the backend service. If not
specified and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the backend service to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services remove\-backend
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-services remove\-backend
.RE

