
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI\-PLATFORM_MODELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai\-platform models create \- create a new AI Platform model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai\-platform models create\fR \fIMODEL\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-console\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new AI Platform model.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the model.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-console\-logging\fR
If set, enables StackDriver Logging of stderr and stdout streams for online
prediction. These logs are more verbose than the standard access logs and can be
helpful for debugging.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
If set, enables StackDriver Logging for online prediction. These logs are like
standard server access logs, containing information such as timestamps and
latency for each request.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]
The Google Cloud region where the model will be deployed (currently only a
single region is supported).

Will soon be required, but defaults to 'us\-central1' for now.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform models create
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models create
.RE

