
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_LOCATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore locations \- list locations where Cloud Filestore is available



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore locations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR List locations where Cloud Filestore is
available.

\f5gcloud filestore locations\fR is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud filestore zones\fR
or \f5gcloud filestore regions\fR instead.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Describe a Cloud Filestore location.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR List all Cloud Filestore locations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore locations
$ gcloud beta filestore locations
.RE

