
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-BUCKETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute backend\-buckets create \- create a backend bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute backend\-buckets create\fR \fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR \fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR] [\fB\-\-signed\-url\-cache\-max\-age\fR=\fISIGNED_URL_CACHE_MAX_AGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute backend\-buckets create\fR is used to create backend buckets.
Backend buckets define Google Cloud Storage buckets that can serve content. URL
maps define which requests are sent to which backend buckets.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR
Name of the backend bucket to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR
The name of the Google Cloud Storage bucket to serve from. The storage bucket
must be in the same project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR
Enable Cloud CDN for the backend bucket. Cloud CDN can cache HTTP responses from
a backend bucket at the edge of the network, close to users.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signed\-url\-cache\-max\-age\fR=\fISIGNED_URL_CACHE_MAX_AGE\fR
The amount of time up to which the response to a signed URL request will be
cached in the CDN. After this time period, the Signed URL will be revalidated
before being served. Cloud CDN will internally act as though all responses from
this backend had a \f5Cache\-Control: public, max\-age=[TTL]\fR header,
regardless of any existing Cache\-Control header. The actual headers served in
responses will not be altered. If unspecified, the default value is 3600s.

For example, specifying \f512h\fR will cause the responses to signed URL
requests to be cached in the CDN up to 12 hours. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

This flag only affects signed URL requests.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets create
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-buckets create
.RE

