
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc operations list \- view the list of all operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc operations list\fR [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-state\-filter\fR=\fISTATE_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=100] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR View a list of operations in a project. An optional filter can be
used to constrain the operations returned. Filters are case\-sensitive and have
the following syntax:

.RS 2m
field = value [AND [field = value]] ...
.RE

where \f5field\fR is either of \f5status.state\fR or \f5labels.[KEY]\fR, where
\f5[KEY]\fR is a label key. \f5value\fR can be \f5*\fR to match all values.
\f5status.state\fR is one of: \f5PENDING\fR, \f5ACTIVE\fR, \f5DONE\fR. Only the
logical \f5AND\fR operator is supported; space\-separated items are treated as
having an implicit \f5AND\fR operator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
Restrict to the operations of this Dataproc cluster. This flag is ignored when
\-\-filter is specified. The equivalent term in a \-\-filter expression is:
\f5clusterName = myclustername\fR

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\-filter\fR=\fISTATE_FILTER\fR
Filter by cluster state. This flag is ignored when \-\-filter is specified. The
equivalent term in a \-\-filter expression is: \f5status.state = ACTIVE\fR.
\fISTATE_FILTER\fR must be one of: \fBactive\fR, \fBinactive\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=100
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB100\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations list
.RE

To see the list of all create cluster operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations list \e
    \-\-filter='operationType = CREATE'
.RE

To see the list of all active operations in a cluster named mycluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations list \e
    \-\-filter='status.state = RUNNING AND clusterName = mycluster'
.RE

To see a list of all pending operations the label \f5env=staging\fR on cluster
\f5mycluster\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations list \e
    \-\-filter='status.state = PENDING  AND labels.env = staging AND
 clusterName = mycluster'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations list
$ gcloud alpha dataproc operations list
.RE

