
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing \- manage billing accounts and associate them with projects



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage billing accounts and associate them with projects.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccounts\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage billing accounts.

.TP 2m
\fBprojects\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the billing account configuration of your projects.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list billing accounts associated with the current user, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing accounts list
.RE

To link one of the billing accounts \f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR with a project
\f5my\-project\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing projects link my\-project \e
    \-\-billing\-account 0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing
.RE

