
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_CLIENT\-CERTIFICATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic client\-certificate \- client certificate authorization supplementary help



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Client certificate authorization supplementary help.

Device Certificate Authorization (DCA) enables Context\-aware access to identify
devices by their X.509 certificates. DCA for Google Cloud Platform APIs is the
second in a series of releases that provides administrators the capability to
protect access to their Google Cloud Platform resources with device
certificates. This feature builds on top of the existing Context\-aware access
suite (Endpoint Verification, Access Context Manager, and VPC Service Controls)
and ensures that only users on trusted devices with a Google\-generated
certificate are able to access Google Cloud Platform APIs. This provides a
stronger signal of device identity (device certificate verification), and
protects users from credential theft to accidental loss by only granting access
when credentials and the original device certificate are presented.

To use this feature, organizations can follow the instructions below to install
an endpoint verification agent to devices:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Automatically deploy endpoint verification
(https://support.google.com/a/answer/9007320#)
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
Via Chrome Policy for the extension
.IP "\(em" 2m
3rd party image/software distribution tools for the Native Helper on macOS and
Windows
.RE
.sp
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Let users install endpoint verification themselves from the Chrome Webstore
(https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9018161#install)
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
Users would also be prompted to install the Native Helper as well
.RE
.RE
.sp

Run \f5\fI$ gcloud config set context_aware/use_client_certificate True\fR\fR so
that the gcloud CLI will load the certificate and send it to services. Some
services do not support client certificate authorization yet. When the gcloud
CLI sends requests to such services, the client certificate will be ignored.

The following is the list of services which support client certificate
authorization in the installed version of the gcloud CLI.



.TS
tab(	);
lB lB lB
l l l.
SERVICE	VERSION	NOTES
 ---	---	---
cloudkms	v1	
container	v1	
pubsub	v1	
spanner	v1	
---	---	---
iap_tunnel	v4	tunnel connection between gcloud and IAP tunnel service
.TE


See https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud/reference/topic/client\-certificate for
the support list for the latest version of the gcloud CLI. Please upgrade the
gcloud command\-line tool if necessary.

Note: iap_tunnel is a special service gcloud CLI uses to create the IAP tunnel.
For example, \f5\fIgcloud compute start\-iap\-tunnel\fR\fR can start a tunnel to
Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy through which another process can create a
connection (e.g. SSH, RDP) to a Google Compute Engine instance. Client
certificate authorization is supported in tunnel creation.
