
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_NOTIFICATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc notifications describe \- describe a Cloud Security Command Center notification config



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc notifications describe\fR \fINOTIFICATION_CONFIG_ID\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Security Command Center notification config.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINOTIFICATION_CONFIG_ID\fR
The ID of the notification config. Formatted as
"organizations/123/notificationConfigs/456" or just "456".


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization where the notification config resides. Formatted as
"organizations/123" or just "123". Required if notificationConfigId does not
contain organization information.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Describe notification config 'my\-config' from organization 123456

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc notifications describe my\-config \e
    \-\-organization=123456
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc notifications describe \e
    organizations/123456/notificationConfigs/my\-config
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc notifications describe
$ gcloud beta scc notifications describe
.RE

