
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_LITE\-SUBSCRIPTIONS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-subscriptions update \- update a Pub/Sub Lite subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-subscriptions update\fR (\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-delivery\-requirement\fR=\fIDELIVERY_REQUIREMENT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Pub/Sub Lite subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Subscription to update. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [subscription] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the location of the Pub/Sub Lite resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delivery\-requirement\fR=\fIDELIVERY_REQUIREMENT\fR
When this subscription should send messages to subscribers relative to messages
persistence in storage. See
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs/subscriptions#creating_lite_subscriptions
for more info. \fIDELIVERY_REQUIREMENT\fR must be one of:
\fBdeliver\-after\-stored\fR, \fBdeliver\-immediately\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsublite/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a Cloud Pub/Sub lite\-subscription, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-subscriptions update mysubscription \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-delivery\-requirement=DELIVER_IMMEDIATELY
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub lite\-subscriptions update
$ gcloud beta pubsub lite\-subscriptions update
.RE

