
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FUNCTIONS_DEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha functions deploy \- create or update a Google Cloud Function



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha functions deploy\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-entry\-point\fR=\fIENTRY_POINT\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-retry\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-stage\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGE_BUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-trigger\-bucket\fR=\fITRIGGER_BUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-trigger\-http\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-trigger\-topic\fR=\fITRIGGER_TOPIC\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-trigger\-event\fR=\fIEVENT_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-trigger\-resource\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create or update a Google Cloud Function.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the function to deploy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-point\fR=\fIENTRY_POINT\fR
By default when a Google Cloud Function is triggered, it executes a JavaScript
function with the same name. Or, if it cannot find a function with the same
name, it executes a function named \f5function\fR. You can use this flag to
override the default behavior, by specifying the name of a JavaScript function
that will be executed when the Google Cloud Function is triggered.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR
Limit on the amount of memory the function can use.

Allowed values are: 128MB, 256MB, 512MB, 1024MB, and 2048MB. By default, a new
function is limited to 256MB of memory. When deploying an update to an existing
function, the function will keep its old memory limit unless you specify this
flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region in which the function will run. Overrides the default
\fBfunctions/region\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retry\fR
If specified, then the function will be retried in case of a failure.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Location of source code to deploy.

Location of the source can be one of the following three options:

.RS 2m
1. Source code in Google Cloud Storage (must be a `.zip` archive),
2. Reference to source repository or,
3. Local filesystem path (root directory of function source).
.RE

The value of the flag will be interpreted as a Cloud Storage location, if it
starts with \f5gs://\fR.

The value will be interpreted as a reference to a source repository, if it
starts with \f5https://\fR.

Otherwise, it will be interpreted as the local filesystem path. When deploying
source from the local filesystem, this command skips files specified in the
\f5.gcloudignore\fR file (see \f5gcloud topic gcloudignore\fR for more
information). If the \f5.gcloudignore\fR file doesn't exist, the command will
try to create it.

The minimal source repository URL is:
\f5https://source.developers.google.com/projects/${PROJECT}/repos/${REPO}\fR

By using the URL above, sources from the root directory of the repository on the
revision tagged \f5master\fR will be used.

If you want to deploy from a revision different from \f5master\fR, append one of
the following three sources to the URL:

.RS 2m
1. `/revisions/${REVISION}`,
2. `/moveable\-aliases/${MOVEABLE_ALIAS}`,
3. `/fixed\-aliases/${FIXED_ALIAS}`.
.RE

If you'd like to deploy sources from a directory different from the root, you
must specify a revision, a moveable alias, or a fixed alias, as above, and
append \f5/paths/${PATH_TO_SOURCES_DIRECTORY}\fR to the URL.

Overall, the URL should match the following regular expression:

.RS 2m
^https://source\e.developers\e.google\e.com/projects/
(?<accountId>[^/]+)/repos/(?<repoName>[^/]+)
(((/revisions/(?<commit>[^/]+))|(/moveable\-aliases/(?<branch>[^/]+))|
(/fixed\-aliases/(?<tag>[^/]+)))(/paths/(?<path>.*))?)?$
.RE

An example of a validly formatted source repository URL is:

.RS 2m
https://source.developers.google.com/projects/123456789/repos/testrepo/
moveable\-aliases/alternate\-branch/paths/path\-to=source
.RE

If the source location is not explicitly set, new functions will deploy from the
current directory. Existing functions keep their old source.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stage\-bucket\fR=\fISTAGE_BUCKET\fR
When deploying a function from a local directory, this flag's value is the name
of the Google Cloud Storage bucket in which source code will be stored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
The function execution timeout, e.g. 30s for 30 seconds. Defaults to original
value for existing function or 60 seconds for new functions. Cannot be more than
540s. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created. Label keys starting with
\f5deployment\fR are reserved for use by deployment tools and cannot be
specified manually.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha functions deploy \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha functions deploy \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored. Label keys starting with \f5deployment\fR are reserved for use by
deployment tools and cannot be specified manually.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

If you don't specify a trigger when deploying an update to an existing function
it will keep its current trigger. You must specify \f5\-\-trigger\-topic\fR,
\f5\-\-trigger\-bucket\fR, \f5\-\-trigger\-http\fR or (\f5\-\-trigger\-event\fR
AND \f5\-\-trigger\-resource\fR) when deploying a new function. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-bucket\fR=\fITRIGGER_BUCKET\fR
Google Cloud Storage bucket name. Every change in files in this bucket will
trigger function execution.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-http\fR
Function will be assigned an endpoint, which you can view by using the
\f5describe\fR command. Any HTTP request (of a supported type) to the endpoint
will trigger function execution. Supported HTTP request types are: POST, PUT,
GET, DELETE, and OPTIONS.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-topic\fR=\fITRIGGER_TOPIC\fR
Name of Pub/Sub topic. Every message published in this topic will trigger
function execution with message contents passed as input data.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-event\fR=\fIEVENT_TYPE\fR
Specifies which action should trigger the function. For a list of acceptable
values, call \f5functions event_types list\fR. \fIEVENT_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBgoogle.pubsub.topic.publish\fR, \fBgoogle.storage.object.archive\fR,
\fBgoogle.storage.object.delete\fR, \fBgoogle.storage.object.finalize\fR,
\fBgoogle.storage.object.metadataUpdate\fR,
\fBproviders/cloud.pubsub/eventTypes/topic.publish\fR,
\fBproviders/cloud.storage/eventTypes/object.change\fR,
\fBproviders/firebase.auth/eventTypes/data.write\fR,
\fBproviders/firebase.auth/eventTypes/user.create\fR,
\fBproviders/firebase.auth/eventTypes/user.delete\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-resource\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR
Specifies which resource from \f5\-\-trigger\-event\fR is being observed. E.g.
if \f5\-\-trigger\-event\fR is
\f5providers/cloud.storage/eventTypes/object.change\fR,
\f5\-\-trigger\-resource\fR must be a bucket name. For a list of expected
resources, call \f5functions event_types list\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta functions deploy
.RE

