
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSET_SEARCH\-IAM\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha asset search\-iam\-policies \- searches accessible IAM policies that match a query



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha asset search\-iam\-policies\fR \fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Searches accessible IAM policies that match a query.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR
The query statement.

Examples:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
To find all Cloud IAM policies in your organization that contain
amy@mycompany.com: \f5policy:"amy@mydomain.com"\fR
.IP "\(em" 2m
To find all Cloud IAM policies in your organization that contain owner role:
\f5policy:"roles/owner"\fR
.IP "\(em" 2m
To find all Cloud IAM policies in your organization which have
myuser@mycompany.com in the owner role: \f5policy:("roles/owner"
"myuser@mycompany.com")\fR
.IP "\(em" 2m
To find all Cloud IAM policies in your organization which have
myuser@mycompany.com in the owner role or youruser@mycompany.com in the viewer
role: \f5policy:(("roles/owner" "myuser@mycompany.com") OR ("roles/viewer"
"youruser@mycompany.com"))\fR
.IP "\(em" 2m
To find all Cloud IAM policies that are set on a resource: \f5resource:
"projects/123"\fR
.IP "\(em" 2m
To find all Cloud IAM policies of resources that match a query. \f5resource:
"\fBproj\fR"\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
The page size for search result pagination. The number of matching results may
be fewer than requested based on the query. The maximum page size is 2000. If
page\-size is not given the back end will pick an appropriate default page size.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
If present, retrieve the next batch of results from the preceding call to this
method. \f5page_token\fR must be the value of \f5next_page_token\fR from the
previous response. The values of all other method parameters must be identical
to those in the previous call.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudasset/v1p1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/quickstart\-cloud\-asset\-inventory



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To search your accessible IAM policies that contains \f5amy@mycompany.com\fR,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset search\-iam\-policies \e
  \-\-query='policy:"amy@mydomain.com"'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

