
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_PROJECTS_LINK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing projects link \- link a project with a billing account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing projects link\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR (\fB\-\-account\-id\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command links a billing account to a project.

If the specified billing account is open, this enables billing on the project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Specify a project id.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-account\-id\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR
(DEPRECATED) Specify a billing account ID. Billing account IDs are of the form
\f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR. To see available IDs, run \f5$ gcloud alpha
billing accounts list\fR.

The \f5\-\-account\-id\fR flag has been renamed \f5\-\-billing\-account\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR
Specify a billing account ID. Billing account IDs are of the form
\f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR. To see available IDs, run \f5$ gcloud alpha
billing accounts list\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To link a billing account \f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR with a project
\f5my\-project\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing projects link my\-project \e
    \-\-billing\-account 0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing projects link
.RE

