
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_ORGANIZATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee organizations \- manage Apigee organizations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee organizations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee organizations.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee organizations\fR contains commands for managing Apigee
organizations, the highest\-level grouping of Apigee objects. All API proxies,
environments, and so forth each belong to one organization.

Apigee organizations are distinct from Cloud Platform organizations, being more
similar to Cloud Platform projects in scope and purpose.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Apigee organization.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Apigee organizations and their paired Cloud Platform
projects.

.TP 2m
\fBprovision\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provision an Apigee SaaS organization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all accessible organizations and their associated Cloud Platform
projects, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee organizations list
.RE

To get a JSON array of all organizations whose Cloud Platform project names
contain the word \f5\fIsandbox\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee organizations list \-\-format=json \e
  \-\-filter="project:(sandbox)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

