
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILD\-ARTIFACTS_PRINT\-SETTINGS_GRADLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha build\-artifacts print\-settings gradle \- print a snippet to add a repository to the Gradle build.gradle file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha build\-artifacts print\-settings gradle\fR \fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print a snippet to add a repository to the Gradle build.gradle
file.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Cloud Build Artifacts repository. If not specified,
the current build_artifacts/repository is used. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-repository] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

