
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager policies delete \- delete an access policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager policies delete\fR [\fIPOLICY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a given access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The access level you want to delete. This represents a Cloud
resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIPOLICY\fR]
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager policies delete
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager policies delete
.RE

