
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_SSL\-CERTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql ssl\-certs \- provide commands for managing SSL certificates of Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql ssl\-certs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Provide commands for managing SSL certificates
of Cloud SQL instances.

\f5gcloud sql ssl\-certs\fR is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud sql ssl
client\-certs\fR instead.

Provide commands for managing SSL certificates of Cloud SQL instances, including
creating, deleting, listing, and getting information about certificates.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Creates an SSL certificate for a Cloud SQL
instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Deletes an SSL certificate for a Cloud SQL
instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Retrieves information about an SSL cert for a
Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Lists all SSL certs for a Cloud SQL instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql ssl\-certs
$ gcloud alpha sql ssl\-certs
.RE

