
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAFLOW_SNAPSHOTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataflow snapshots create \- creates a snapshot for a Cloud Dataflow job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataflow snapshots create\fR \fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR [\fB\-\-snapshot\-sources\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_SOURCES\fR] [\fB\-\-snapshot\-ttl\fR=\fIDURATION\fR;\ default="7d"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a snapshot for a Cloud Dataflow job.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR
The job ID to snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR
The region ID of the snapshot and job's regional endpoint.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-sources\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_SOURCES\fR
If true, snapshots will also be created for the Cloud Pub/Sub sources of the
Cloud Dataflow job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-ttl\fR=\fIDURATION\fR; default="7d"
Time to live for the snapshot.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Cloud Dataflow snapshot with sources for a running job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow snapshots create \-\-job\-id=JOB_ID \e
    \-\-region=JOB_REGION \-\-snapshot\-sources=true \-\-snapshot\-ttl=7d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow snapshots create
.RE

