
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_IMPORT\-JOBS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy binding for a KMS import job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given import job as defined in a JSON
or YAML file.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Import job resource \- The import job for which to set the IAM policy binding.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[import_job] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMPORT_JOB\fR
ID of the import job or fully qualified identifier for the import job. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the key.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudkms/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/kms/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the import job 'frodo' with the keyring
\'fellowship' and location 'global':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms import\-jobs set\-iam\-policy frodo policy.json \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-location=global
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms import\-jobs set\-iam\-policy
.RE

