
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-VPN\-GATEWAYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways \- read and manipulate classic VPN gateways



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Classic VPN gateways for Cloud VPN.

For more information about Classic VPN gateways, see the Classic VPN gateways
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/network\-connectivity/docs/vpn/concepts/overview#classic\-vpn).

See also: Classic VPN gateways API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/targetVpnGateways).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud VPN Classic Target VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Cloud VPN Classic Target VPN Gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine Cloud VPN Classic Target VPN
Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine Cloud VPN Classic Target VPN Gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine Cloud VPN Classic Target VPN
Gateway.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-vpn\-gateways
$ gcloud beta compute target\-vpn\-gateways
.RE

