
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROLLING\-UPDATES_START" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates start \- starts a new rolling update



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute rolling\-updates start\fR \fB\-\-group\fR=\fIGROUP\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR;\ default="RECREATE"] [\fB\-\-auto\-pause\-after\-instances\fR=\fIAUTO_PAUSE_AFTER_INSTANCES\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-startup\-timeout\fR=\fIINSTANCE_STARTUP_TIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-num\-concurrent\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_CONCURRENT_INSTANCES\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-num\-failed\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_FAILED_INSTANCES\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-instance\-update\-time\fR=\fIMIN_INSTANCE_UPDATE_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command group is deprecated. Use \f5gcloud
alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action\fR command group instead.

A rolling update causes the service to gradually update your existing instances.

You can increase the number of instances updated simultaneously with the
\-\-max\-num\-concurrent\-instances flag.

If you are not sure you want to apply an update to all existing instances, you
can use the \-\-auto\-pause\-after\-instances flag and the update will
automatically be paused after updating the number of instances specified.
Afterwards, you can decide whether to cancel or continue the update.

In case you notice your managed instance group misbehaving due to the new
template, you can roll back the update. This will stop the update from being
applied to more instances, and instances already created with the new template
will be recreated with the last template applied before the current update.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-group\fR=\fIGROUP\fR
Instance group name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Name of the Compute Engine instance template resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR; default="RECREATE"
Action to be performed on each instance. Currently only 'RECREATE' is supported.
\fIACTION\fR must be (currently only one value is supported): \fBRECREATE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-pause\-after\-instances\fR=\fIAUTO_PAUSE_AFTER_INSTANCES\fR
Number of instances after which the update will be automatically paused.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-startup\-timeout\fR=\fIINSTANCE_STARTUP_TIMEOUT\fR
Maximum amount of time we will wait after finishing all steps until instance is
in \fBRUNNING\fR state. If this deadline is exceeded instance update is
considered as failed. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-num\-concurrent\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_CONCURRENT_INSTANCES\fR
Maximum number of instances that can be updated simultaneously.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-num\-failed\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_NUM_FAILED_INSTANCES\fR
Maximum number of instance updates that can fail without failing the group
update. Instance update is considered failed if any of its update actions
(currently only 'RECREATE' call) failed with permanent failure, or if after
finishing all update actions this instance is not running.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-instance\-update\-time\fR=\fIMIN_INSTANCE_UPDATE_TIME\fR
Specifies minimum amount of time we will spend on updating single instance,
measuring at the start of the first update action (currently only 'RECREATE'
call). If actual instance update takes less time we will simply sleep before
proceeding with next instance. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Rolling update zone name. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property
value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

