
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_IMAGES_LIST\-TAGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container images list\-tags \- list tags and digests for the specified image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container images list\-tags\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-occurrence\-filter\fR=\fIOCCURRENCE_FILTER\fR;\ default='kind\ =\ "BUILD_DETAILS"\ OR\ kind\ =\ "IMAGE_BASIS"'] [\fB\-\-show\-occurrences\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-occurrences\-from\fR=\fISHOW_OCCURRENCES_FROM\fR;\ default=10] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...];\ default="~timestamp"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The container images list\-tags command of gcloud lists metadata
about tags and digests for the specified container image. Images must be hosted
by the Google Container Registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
The name of the image to list tags for. The name format should be
*.gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/IMAGE_PATH[:TAG|@sha256:DIGEST].


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-occurrence\-filter\fR=\fIOCCURRENCE_FILTER\fR; default='kind = "BUILD_DETAILS" OR kind = "IMAGE_BASIS"'
A filter for the Occurrences which will be summarized.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-occurrences\fR
Whether to show summaries of the various Occurrence types.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-occurrences\-from\fR=\fISHOW_OCCURRENCES_FROM\fR; default=10
How many of the most recent images for which to summarize Occurences.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]; default="~timestamp"
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR. The
default is \fB~timestamp\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List the tags in a specified image:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container images list\-tags gcr.io/myproject/myimage
.RE

To receive the full, JSON\-formatted output (with untruncated digests):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container images list\-tags gcr.io/myproject/myimage \e
    \-\-format=json
.RE

To list digests without corresponding tags:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container images list\-tags gcr.io/myproject/myimage \e
    \-\-filter="NOT tags:*"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container images list\-tags
$ gcloud beta container images list\-tags
.RE

