
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSET_SEARCH\-ALL\-RESOURCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta asset search\-all\-resources \- searches all Cloud resources within the specified accessible scope, such as a project, folder or organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta asset search\-all\-resources\fR [\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-order\-by\fR=\fIORDER_BY\fR] [\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR] [\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Searches all Cloud resources within the specified scope, such as a
project, folder or organization. The caller must be granted the
\f5\fIcloudasset.assets.searchAllResources\fR\fR permission on the desired
scope.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]
A list of asset types to search. If not specified or empty, it will search all
the searchable asset types
(https://cloud.google.com/asset\-inventory/docs/supported\-asset\-types#searchable_asset_types).
Example:
\f5\fIcloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/Project,compute.googleapis.com/Instance\fR\fR
to search project and VM instance resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-order\-by\fR=\fIORDER_BY\fR
A comma\-separated list of fields specifying the sorting order of the results.
The default order is ascending. Add \f5\fI DESC\fR\fR after the field name to
indicate descending order. Redundant space characters are ignored. Example:
\f5\fIlocation DESC, name\fR\fR. Only string fields in the response are
sortable, including \f5name\fR, \f5displayName\fR, \f5description\fR and
\f5location\fR.

Both \f5\-\-order\-by\fR and \f5\-\-sort\-by\fR flags can be used to sort the
output, with the following differences:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
The \f5\-\-order\-by\fR flag performs server\-side sorting (better performance),
while the \f5\-\-sort\-by\fR flag performs client\-side sorting.
.IP "\(em" 2m
The \f5\-\-sort\-by\fR flag supports all the fields in the output, while the
\f5\-\-order\-by\fR flag only supports limited fields as shown above.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR
The query statement. See how to construct a query
(https://cloud.google.com/asset\-inventory/docs/searching\-resources#how_to_construct_a_query)
for more details. If not specified or empty, it will search all the resources
within the specified \f5scope\fR.

Examples:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5name : "Important"\fR to find Cloud resources whose name contains
\f5\fIImportant\fR\fR as a word.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5displayName : "Impor*"\fR to find Cloud resources whose display name contains
\f5\fIImpor\fR\fR as a prefix.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5description : "*por*"\fR to find Cloud resources whose description contains
\f5\fIpor\fR\fR as a substring.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5location : "us\-west*"\fR to find Cloud resources whose location is prefixed
with \f5\fIus\-west\fR\fR.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5labels : "prod"\fR to find Cloud resources whose labels contain
\f5\fIprod\fR\fR as a key or value.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5labels.env : "prod"\fR to find Cloud resources which have a label
\f5\fIenv\fR\fR and its value is \f5\fIprod\fR\fR.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5labels.env : *\fR to find Cloud resources which have a label \f5\fIenv\fR\fR.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5"Important"\fR to find Cloud resources which contain \f5\fIImportant\fR\fR as
a word in any of the searchable fields.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5"Impor*"\fR to find Cloud resources which contain \f5\fIImpor\fR\fR as a
prefix in any of the searchable fields.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5"*por*"\fR to find Cloud resources which contain \f5\fIpor\fR\fR as a
substring in any of the searchable fields.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5("Important" AND location : ("us\-west1" OR "global"))\fR to find Cloud
resources which contain \f5\fIImportant\fR\fR as a word in any of the searchable
fields and are also located in the \f5\fIus\-west1\fR\fR region or the
\f5\fIglobal\fR\fR location.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR
A scope can be a project, a folder, or an organization. The search is limited to
the Cloud resources within this scope. The caller must be granted the
\f5\fIcloudasset.assets.searchAllResources\fR\fR permission on the desired
scope. If not specified, the configured project property
(https://cloud.google.com//sdk/docs/configurations#setting_configuration_properties)
will be used. To find the configured project, run: \f5gcloud config get\-value
project\fR. To change the setting, run: \f5gcloud config set project
PROJECT_ID\fR.

The allowed values are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5projects/{PROJECT_ID}\fR (e.g., \f5\fIprojects/foo\-bar\fR\fR)
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5projects/{PROJECT_NUMBER}\fR (e.g., \f5\fIprojects/12345678\fR\fR)
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5folders/{FOLDER_NUMBER}\fR (e.g., \f5\fIfolders/1234567\fR\fR)
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5organizations/{ORGANIZATION_NUMBER}\fR (e.g.
\f5\fIorganizations/123456\fR\fR)
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To search all the Cloud resources whose full resource names contain the
\f5\fIxyz\fR\fR substring, within \f5\fIorganizations/123456\fR\fR, ensure the
caller has been granted the \f5\fIcloudasset.assets.searchAllResources\fR\fR
permission on the organization and run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset search\-all\-resources \e
    \-\-scope='organizations/123456' \-\-query='name : "*xyz*"'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset search\-all\-resources
.RE

