
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES_FIELDS_ENUM\-VALUES_RENAME" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields enum\-values rename \- rename an enum value in Data Catalog tag template enum field



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields enum\-values rename\fR (\fIENUM_VALUE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-field\fR=\fIFIELD\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR) \fB\-\-new\-id\fR=\fINEW_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Rename an enum value in Data Catalog tag template enum field.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Enum value resource \- Enum value to rename. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [enum_value] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENUM_VALUE\fR
ID of the enum value or fully qualified identifier for the enum value. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-field\fR=\fIFIELD\fR
Tag template field that contains enum value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the enum value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
Tag template that contains enum value.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-new\-id\fR=\fINEW_ID\fR
New display name of the enum value.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Rename an enum value in tag template enum field:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields enum\-values \e
    rename ENUM_VALUE \-\-new\-id="new\-id"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog tag\-templates fields enum\-values rename
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields enum\-values rename
.RE

