
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_CONSENT\-STORES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare consent\-stores \- manage Cloud Healthcare API consent stores



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare consent\-stores\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API consent stores.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBcheck\-data\-access\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Check the consent for a particular data ID.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBevaluate\-user\-consents\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Check the consents for a particular user's data.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Retrieve the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Cloud Healthcare API consent stores.

.TP 2m
\fBquery\-accessible\-data\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Queries all accessible data IDs.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Healthcare API consent
store.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API consent store.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores
.RE

