
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute images set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a disk image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute images set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute images set\-iam\-policy\fR replaces the
existing IAM policy for a disk image, given an image and a file encoded in JSON
or YAML that contains the IAM policy. If the given policy file specifies an
"etag" value, then the replacement will succeed only if the policy already in
place matches that etag. (An etag obtained via \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR will
prevent the replacement if the policy for the image has been subsequently
updated.) A policy file that does not contain an etag value will replace any
existing policy for the image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
Name of the disk image to set the IAM policy of.

.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file containing the IAM policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a disk image with identifier 'my\-image'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute images set\-iam\-policy my\-image policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images set\-iam\-policy
.RE

