
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APP_SSL\-CERTIFICATES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha app ssl\-certificates create \- uploads a new SSL certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha app ssl\-certificates create\fR \fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR \fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The user must be the verified owner of the certificate domain(s).
Use the gcloud domains command group to manage domain ownership and
verification.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
The file path for the new certificate to upload. Must be in PEM x.509 format
including the header and footer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A display name for this certificate.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
The file path to a local RSA private key file. The private key must be PEM
encoded with header and footer and must be 2048 bits or fewer.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add a new SSL certificate to App Engine, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app ssl\-certificates create \e
  \-\-display\-name='example cert'                   \e
  \-\-certificate='/home/user/me/my_cert.cer'                   \e
  \-\-private\-key='/home/user/me/my_key.pfx'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app ssl\-certificates create
$ gcloud beta app ssl\-certificates create
.RE

