
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_DATASETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare datasets \- manage Cloud Healthcare API datasets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare datasets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API datasets.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBdeidentify\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud Healthcare API dataset containing
de\-identified data from the source dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieve the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Healthcare API datasets.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare datasets
.RE

