
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONFIG_GET\-VALUE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta config get\-value \- print the value of a Cloud SDK property



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta config get\-value\fR \fISECTION\fR/\fIPROPERTY\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR gcloud beta config get\-value prints the property value from your
active configuration only.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECTION\fR/\fIPROPERTY\fR
The property to be fetched. Note that \f5SECTION/\fR is optional while referring
to properties in the core section.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "AVAILABLE PROPERTIES"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIcore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccount\fR
Account \f5gcloud\fR should use for authentication. Run \f5gcloud auth list\fR
to see your currently available accounts.


.TP 2m
\fBcustom_ca_certs_file\fR
Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.


.TP 2m
\fBdefault_regional_backend_service\fR
If True, backend services in \f5gcloud compute backend\-services\fR will be
regional by default. Setting the \f5\-\-global\fR flag is required for global
backend services.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_color\fR
If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the terminal.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_file_logging\fR
If True, \f5gcloud\fR will not store logs to a file. This may be useful if disk
space is limited.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_prompts\fR
If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts. However, for
any prompts that require user input, an error will be raised. This is equivalent
to either using the global \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag or setting the environment
variable \f5CLOUDSDK_CORE_DISABLE_PROMPTS\fR to 1. Setting this property is
useful when scripting with \f5gcloud\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_usage_reporting\fR
If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected. This value is
set by default based on your choices during installation, but can be changed at
any time. For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage\-statistics


.TP 2m
\fBlog_http\fR
If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. To see logs in the
terminal, adjust \f5verbosity\fR settings. Otherwise, logs are available in
their respective log files.


.TP 2m
\fBmax_log_days\fR
Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set to 0, turns
off log garbage collection and does not delete log files. If unset, the default
is 30 days.


.TP 2m
\fBpass_credentials_to_gsutil\fR
If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.


.TP 2m
\fBproject\fR
Project ID of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by default. This can be
overridden by using the global \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.TP 2m
\fBshow_structured_logs\fR
Control when JSON\-structured log messages for the current verbosity level (and
above) will be written to standard error. If this property is disabled, logs are
formatted as \f5text\fR by default.

Valid values are:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5never\fR \- Log messages as text
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5always\fR \- Always log messages as JSON
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5log\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a file
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5terminal\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

If unset, default is \f5never\fR.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtrace_token\fR
Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of issues. This
token will be provided by Google support.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBuser_output_enabled\fR
True, by default. If False, messages to the user and command output on both
standard output and standard error will be suppressed.


.TP 2m
\fBverbosity\fR
Default logging verbosity for \f5gcloud\fR commands. This is the equivalent of
using the global \f5\-\-verbosity\fR flag. Supported verbosity levels:
\f5debug\fR, \f5info\fR, \f5warning\fR, \f5error\fR, and \f5none\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIaccessibility\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBscreen_reader\fR
Make gcloud more screen reader friendly.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIapp\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcloud_build_timeout\fR
Timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete during deployments.
All Docker builds now use the Cloud Build API.


.TP 2m
\fBpromote_by_default\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version will be
promoted to receive all traffic for the service. This property can be overridden
via the \f5\-\-promote\-by\-default\fR or \f5\-\-no\-promote\-by\-default\fR
flags.


.TP 2m
\fBstop_previous_version\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously deployed
version is stopped. If False, older versions must be stopped manually.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_runtime_builders\fR
If set, opt in/out to a new code path for building applications using
pre\-fabricated runtimes that can be updated independently of client tooling. If
not set, the default path for each runtime is used.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIartifacts\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Default location to use when working with Artifact Registry resources. When a
\f5location\fR value is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set. If this value is unset, the default location is \f5global\fR
when \f5location\fR value is optional.


.TP 2m
\fBrepository\fR
Default repository to use when working with Artifact Registry resources. When a
\f5repository\fR value is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIauth\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable_credentials\fR
If True, \f5gcloud\fR will not attempt to load any credentials or authenticate
any requests. This is useful when behind a proxy that adds authentication to
requests.


.TP 2m
\fBimpersonate_service_account\fR
After setting this property, all API requests will be made as the given service
account instead of the currently selected account. This is done without needing
to create, download, and activate a key for the account. In order to perform
operations as the service account, your currently selected account must have an
IAM role that includes the iam.serviceAccounts.getAccessToken permission for the
service account. The roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role has this
permission or you may create a custom role.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIbilling\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBquota_project\fR
Project that will be charged quota for the operations performed in \f5gcloud\fR.
When unset, the default is [CURRENT_PROJECT]; this will charge quota against the
currently set project for operations performed on it. Additionally, some
existing APIs will continue to use a shared project for quota by default, when
this property is unset.

If you need to operate on one project, but need quota against a different
project, you can use this property to specify the alternate project.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIbuilds\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBkaniko_cache_ttl\fR
TTL, in hours, of cached layers when using Kaniko. If zero, layer caching is
disabled.


.TP 2m
\fBtimeout\fR
Timeout, in seconds, to wait for builds to complete. If unset, defaults to 10
minutes.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_kaniko\fR
If True, kaniko will be used to build images described by a Dockerfile, instead
of \f5docker build\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcomponent_manager\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadditional_repositories\fR
Comma separated list of additional repositories to check for components. This
property is automatically managed by the \f5gcloud components repositories\fR
commands.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_update_check\fR
If True, Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcomposer\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Composer location to use. Each Composer location constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying environments into Compute Engine
regions inside this location. This parameter corresponds to the
/locations/<location> segment of the Composer resource URIs being referenced.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcompute\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine resources. When
a \f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute regions
list\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_new_list_usable_subnets_api\fR
If True, use the new API for listing usable subnets which only returns subnets
in the current project.


.TP 2m
\fBzone\fR
Default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine resources. When a
\f5\-\-zone\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute zones list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcontainer\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbuild_timeout\fR
Timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.


.TP 2m
\fBcluster\fR
Name of the cluster to use by default when working with Kubernetes Engine.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_application_default_credentials\fR
If True, use application default credentials to authenticate to the cluster API
server.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_client_certificate\fR
If True, use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to the cluster API
server.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcontext_aware\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBuse_client_certificate\fR
If True, use client certificate to authorize user device using Context\-aware
access. Some services may not support client certificate authorization. If a
command sends requests to such services, the client certificate will not be
validated. Run \f5gcloud topic client\-certificate\fR for list of services
supporting this feature.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdataflow\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable_public_ips\fR
Specifies that Cloud Dataflow workers must not use public IP addresses.


.TP 2m
\fBprint_only\fR
Prints the container spec to stdout. Does not save in Google Cloud Storage.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdatafusion\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Datafusion location to use. Each Datafusion location constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying environments into Compute Engine
regions inside this location. This parameter corresponds to the
/locations/<location> segment of the Datafusion resource URIs being referenced.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdataproc\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdeployment_manager\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBglob_imports\fR
Enable import path globbing. Uses glob patterns to match multiple imports in a
config file.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIfilestore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
(DEPRECATED) Please use the \f5\-\-location\fR flag or set the filestore/zone
property.


.TP 2m
\fBzone\fR
Default zone to use when working with Cloud Filestore zones. When a
\f5\-\-zone\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIfunctions\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Default region to use when working with Cloud Functions resources. When a
\f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud beta functions
regions list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIgame_services\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdefault_deployment\fR
Default deployment to use when working with Cloud Game Services list configs.
When a \-\-deployment flag is required in a list command but not provided, the
command will fall back to this value which envokes aggregated list from the
backend.


.TP 2m
\fBdefault_realm\fR
Default realm to use when working with Cloud Game Services list clusters. When a
\-\-realm flag is required in a list command but not provided, the command will
fall back to this value which envokes aggregated list from the backend.


.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Default location to use when working with Cloud Game Services resources. When a
\f5\-\-location\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIgcloudignore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBenabled\fR
If True, do not upload \f5.gcloudignore\fR files (see \f5$ gcloud topic
gcloudignore\fR). If False, turn off the gcloudignore mechanism entirely and
upload all files.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIhealthcare\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdataset\fR
Default dataset to use when working with Cloud Healthcare resources. When a
\f5\-\-dataset\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set.


.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Default location to use when working with Cloud Healthcare resources. When a
\f5\-\-location\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIinteractive\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbottom_bindings_line\fR
If True, display the bottom key bindings line.


.TP 2m
\fBbottom_status_line\fR
If True, display the bottom status line.


.TP 2m
\fBcompletion_menu_lines\fR
Number of lines in the completion menu.


.TP 2m
\fBcontext\fR
Command context string.


.TP 2m
\fBfixed_prompt_position\fR
If True, display the prompt at the same position.


.TP 2m
\fBhelp_lines\fR
Maximum number of help snippet lines.


.TP 2m
\fBhidden\fR
If True, expose hidden commands/flags.


.TP 2m
\fBjustify_bottom_lines\fR
If True, left\- and right\-justify bottom toolbar lines.


.TP 2m
\fBmanpage_generator\fR
If True, use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported commands.


.TP 2m
\fBmulti_column_completion_menu\fR
If True, display the completions as a multi\-column menu.


.TP 2m
\fBprompt\fR
Command prompt string.


.TP 2m
\fBshow_help\fR
If True, show help as command args are being entered.


.TP 2m
\fBsuggest\fR
If True, add command line suggestions based on history.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIlifesciences\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Default location to use when working with Cloud Life Sciences resources. When a
\f5\-\-location\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIml_engine\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocal_python\fR
Full path to the Python interpreter to use for Cloud ML Engine local
predict/train jobs. If not specified, the default path is the one to the Python
interpreter found on system \f5PATH\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBpolling_interval\fR
Interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML Engine jobs. Note
that making it much faster than the default (60) will quickly use all of your
quota.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fInotebooks\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Default location to use when working with Notebook resources. When a
\f5location\fR value is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIproxy\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaddress\fR
Hostname or IP address of proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBpassword\fR
Password to use when connecting, if the proxy requires authentication.


.TP 2m
\fBport\fR
Port to use when connected to the proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBrdns\fR
If True, DNS queries will not be performed locally, and instead, handed to the
proxy to resolve. This is default behavior.


.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
Type of proxy being used. Supported proxy types are: [http, http_no_tunnel,
socks4, socks5].


.TP 2m
\fBusername\fR
Username to use when connecting, if the proxy requires authentication.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIredis\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Default region to use when working with Cloud Memorystore for Redis resources.
When a \f5region\fR is required but not provided by a flag, the command will
fall back to this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIrun\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcluster\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster


.TP 2m
\fBcluster_location\fR
Zone or region in which the cluster is located.


.TP 2m
\fBplatform\fR
Target platform for running commands.


.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Default region to use when working with Cloud Run resources. When a
\f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back
to this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIscc\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBorganization\fR
Default organization \f5gcloud\fR should use for scc surface.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIsecrets\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
A comma separated list of the locations to replicate secrets to. Only applies to
secrets with a user\-managed policy.


.TP 2m
\fBreplication\-policy\fR
The type of replication policy to apply to secrets. Allowed values are
"automatic" and "user\-managed". If user\-managed then locations must also be
provided.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIspanner\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstance\fR
Default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner resources. When an
instance is required but not provided by a flag, the command will fall back to
this value, if set.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIsurvey\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable_prompts\fR
If True, gcloud will not prompt you to take periodic usage experience surveys.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the project property in the core section, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta config get\-value project
.RE

To print the zone property in the compute section, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta config get\-value compute/zone
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config get\-value
.RE

