
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAFLOW_FLEX\-TEMPLATE_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataflow flex\-template run \- runs a job from the specified path



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataflow flex\-template run\fR \fIJOB_NAME\fR \fB\-\-template\-file\-gcs\-location\fR=\fITEMPLATE_FILE_GCS_LOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-parameters\fR=[\fIPARAMETERS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Runs a job from the specified flex template gcs path.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB_NAME\fR
The unique name to assign to the job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\-file\-gcs\-location\fR=\fITEMPLATE_FILE_GCS_LOCATION\fR
The Google Cloud Storage location of the flex template to run. (Must be a URL
beginning with 'gs://'.)


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parameters\fR=[\fIPARAMETERS\fR,...]
The parameters to pass to the job.All pipeline options should be passed via
parameters flag. Use right casing format according to the sdk. Example:
\-\-parameters=maxNumWorkers=5 for java sdk 1.X and
\-\-parameters=max_num_workers=5 for python sdk. For all the parameter options
please refer
https://cloud.google.com/dataflow/docs/guides/specifying\-exec\-params#setting\-other\-cloud\-dataflow\-pipeline\-options

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR
The region ID of the job's regional endpoint. Defaults to 'us\-central1'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To run a job from the flex template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow flex\-template run my\-job \e
    \-\-template\-file\-gcs\-location=gs://flex\-template\-path \e
    \-\-region=europe\-west1 \e
    \-\-parameters=input="gs://input",output="gs://output\-path",\e
max_num_workers=5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

