
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS_TAGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts tags \- manage Artifact Registry tags



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts tags\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create an Artifact Registry tag.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Artifact Registry tag.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Artifact Registry tags.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an Artifact Registry tag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create tag with the name \f5my\-tag\fR for version \f51.0.0\fR of package
\f5my\-pkg\fR in the current project with \f5artifacts/repository\fR and
\f5artifacts/location\fR properties are set, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts tags create my\-tag \-\-package=my\-pkg \e
    \-\-version=1.0.0
.RE

To list all tags under package \f5my\-pkg\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts tags list \-\-package=my\-pkg
.RE

To update tag \f5my\-tag\fR from a different version to version \f51.0.0\fR of
package \f5my\-pkg\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts tags update my\-tag \-\-version=1.0.0 \e
    \-\-package=my\-pkg
.RE

To delete tag \f5my\-tag\fR of package \f5my\-pkg\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts tags delete my\-tag \-\-package=my\-pkg
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts tags
.RE

