
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DRY\-RUN_DROP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run drop \- reset the dry\-run mode configuration of a Service Perimeter



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run drop\fR (\fIPERIMETER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Removes the explicit dry\-run mode configuration for a Service
Perimeter. After this operation, the effective dry\-run mode configuration is
implicitly inherited from the enforcement mode configuration. No audit logs will
be generated in this state.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Perimeter resource \- The service perimeter to reset. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPERIMETER\fR
ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To reset the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run drop \e
    my\-perimeter
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run drop
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run drop
.RE

