
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_REUSABLE\-CONFIGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca reusable\-configs describe \- show details about a reusable config



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca reusable\-configs describe\fR (\fIREUSABLE_CONFIG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about a reusable config.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Reusable config resource \- The reusable config to describe. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [REUSABLE_CONFIG] on the
command line with a fully specified name; project will default to
privateca\-data. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREUSABLE_CONFIG\fR
ID of the reusable config or fully qualified identifier for the reusable config.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the reusable config. Alternatively, you can set the property
[privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show details about a reusable config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca reusable\-configs describe leaf\-server\-tls
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

