
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha active\-directory domains delete \- delete a managed Microsoft Active Directory domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha active\-directory domains delete\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a managed Microsoft Active Directory (AD) domain with the
given fully\-qualified domain name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The AD domain specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given AD domain.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the managed Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to
delete. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes an AD domain with the name \f5my\-domain.com\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains delete my\-domain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud active\-directory domains delete
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains delete
.RE

