
.TH "GCLOUD_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Adds IAM policy binding to the given model.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on the model \f5my_model\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding my_model \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

