
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_CLUSTERS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container clusters delete \- delete an existing cluster for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container clusters delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR When you delete a cluster, the following resources are deleted:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The master resources
.IP "\(bu" 2m
All of the node instances in the cluster
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Any Pods that are running on those instances
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Any firewalls and routes created by Kubernetes Engine at the time of cluster
creation
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Data stored in host hostPath and emptyDir volumes
.RE
.sp

The following resources are not deleted:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
External load balancers created by the cluster
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Persistent disk volumes
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
The names of the clusters to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an existing cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container clusters delete sample\-cluster
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container clusters delete
$ gcloud beta container clusters delete
.RE

