
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SCC_ASSETS_RUN\-DISCOVERY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta scc assets run\-discovery \- scan an organization for new/modified/deleted assets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta scc assets run\-discovery\fR [\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Scan an organization for new/modified/deleted assets. Note that
this API can only be called with limited frequency for an organization. If it is
called too frequently the caller will receive a TOO_MANY_REQUESTS error.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The organization for which scan should be run. This
represents a Cloud resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIORGANIZATION\fR]
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Run new scan for organization (123456):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta scc assets run\-discovery 123456
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc assets run\-discovery
$ gcloud alpha scc assets run\-discovery
.RE

