
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_ROUTES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run routes describe \- obtain details about a given route



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run routes describe\fR (\fIROUTE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Obtain details about a given route.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Route resource \- Route to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROUTE\fR
ID of the route or fully qualified identifier for the route. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Kubernetes namespace for the route


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Kubernetes
Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [run/cluster] with a fully specified name; specify the
cluster from a list of available clusters with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Zone in which the cluster is
located. Alternatively, set the property [run/cluster_location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To obtain details about a given route:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run routes describe <route\-name>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run routes describe
.RE

