
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PROJECT\-INFO_SET\-DEFAULT\-SERVICE\-ACCOUNT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-default\-service\-account \- set the default service account on the project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-default\-service\-account\fR [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute project\-info
set\-default\-service\-account\fR is used to configure the default service
account on project.

The project's default service account is used when a new instance is created
unless a custom service account is set via \-\-scopes or \-\-no\-scopes.
Existing instances are not affected.

For example,

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-default\-service\-account \e
    \-\-email=example@developers.gserviceaccount.com
$ gcloud compute instances create instance\-name
.RE

will set the project's default service account as
example@developers.gserviceaccount.com. The instance created will have
example@developers.gserviceaccount.com as the service account associated with
because no service account email was specified in the "instances create"
command.

To remove the default service account from the project, issue the command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info set\-default\-service\-account \e
    \-\-no\-service\-account
.RE



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The email address of the service account that will be set as the default service
account for all newly created instances in the project.

To set the default service account to example@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-default\-service\-account \e
    \-\-service\-account example@project.iam.gserviceaccount.com
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-service\-account\fR
Sets the default service account on the project as no service account. This
causes newly created instances to not run as a service account by default.

To set the default service account as no service account, specify this flag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-default\-service\-account \e
    \-\-no\-service\-account
.RE


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

