
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_AGENT_QUERY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow agent query \- send a text or audio conversational query to the agent of the current project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow agent query\fR (\fB\-\-query\-text\fR=\fIQUERY_TEXT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-audio\-encoding\fR=\fIAUDIO_ENCODING\fR\ \fB\-\-query\-audio\-file\fR=\fIQUERY_AUDIO_FILE\fR\ \fB\-\-sample\-rate\fR=\fISAMPLE_RATE\fR) [\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR;\ default="en"] [\fB\-\-session\fR=\fISESSION\fR;\ default="DEFAULT_SESSION"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Send a text or audio conversational query to the agent of the
current project.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\-text\fR=\fIQUERY_TEXT\fR
Conversational query in the form of text.

.TP 2m

Audio file and config:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-audio\-encoding\fR=\fIAUDIO_ENCODING\fR
Encoding of the audio file.

See here for more information:
https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow\-enterprise/docs/reference/rest/v2/projects.agent.sessions/detectIntent#AudioEncoding.

\fIAUDIO_ENCODING\fR must be one of: \fBaudio\-encoding\-amr\fR,
\fBaudio\-encoding\-amr\-wb\fR, \fBaudio\-encoding\-flac\fR,
\fBaudio\-encoding\-linear\-16\fR, \fBaudio\-encoding\-mulaw\fR,
\fBaudio\-encoding\-ogg\-opus\fR,
\fBaudio\-encoding\-speex\-with\-header\-byte\fR,
\fBaudio\-encoding\-unspecified\fR. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\-audio\-file\fR=\fIQUERY_AUDIO_FILE\fR
Path to an audio file to use as a conversational query. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sample\-rate\fR=\fISAMPLE_RATE\fR
Sample rate of the audio file in Hertz. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR; default="en"
The language code of the query. For information on supported languages, see:
https://dialogflow.com/docs/languages.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-session\fR=\fISESSION\fR; default="DEFAULT_SESSION"
ID of the session to send the query to. This can be any number or string up to
36 bytes. By default, a different random ID will be used for every request.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To query the agent of the current project with text:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent query \-\-query\-text="hi"
.RE

To query the agent of the current project with text in session
\f5my\-session\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent query \-\-session="my\-session" \e
    \-\-query\-text="hi"
.RE

To query the agent of the current project with audio:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow agent query \e
    \-\-query\-audio\-file="path/to/audio_file.wav" \e
    \-\-sample\-rate="16000" \e
    \-\-audio\-encoding="AUDIO_ENCODING_LINEAR_16"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

