
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_DASHBOARDS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards delete \- delete a Cloud Monitoring dashboard



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards delete\fR \fIDASHBOARD\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Monitoring dashboard.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dashboard resource \- The dashboard to delete. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dashboard] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDASHBOARD\fR
ID of the dashboard or fully qualified identifier for the dashboard.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a dashboard, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards delete MY\-DASHBOARD
.RE

To delete a dashboard contained within a specific project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards delete MY\-DASHBOARD \e
    \-\-project=MY\-PROJECT
.RE

To delete a dashboard with a fully qualified dashboard ID, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards delete \e
    projects/MY\-PROJECT/dashboards/MY\-DASHBOARD
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud monitoring dashboards delete
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards delete
.RE

