
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES_CONFIGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices configs describe \- show details about the latest configuration for a device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices configs describe\fR (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about the latest configuration for a device.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device you want to show the configuration for. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-device] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT region.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudiot/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices configs describe
$ gcloud beta iot devices configs describe
.RE

