
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_DETECT\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision detect\-labels \- detect broad sets of categories within an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision detect\-labels\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR] [\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR;\ default="builtin/stable"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Label Detection detects categories in an image, ranging from modes
of transportation to animals.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
Path to the image to be analyzed. This can be either a local path or a URL. If
you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google Cloud
Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR
Maximum number of results to be provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR; default="builtin/stable"
Model version to use for the feature. \fIMODEL_VERSION\fR must be one of:
\fBbuiltin/latest\fR, \fBbuiltin/stable\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To detect categories in an image 'gs://my_bucket/input_file':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision detect\-labels gs://my_bucket/input_file
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml vision detect\-labels
$ gcloud beta ml vision detect\-labels
.RE

