
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_CONSENT\-STORES_CHECK\-DATA\-ACCESS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores check\-data\-access \- check the consent for a particular data ID



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores check\-data\-access\fR (\fICONSENT_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-data\-id\fR=\fIDATA_ID\fR [\fB\-\-request\-attributes\fR=[\fIREQUEST_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Check if a particular data ID of a user data mapping in the given
Cloud Healthcare API consent store is consented for a given use.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

ConsentStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API consent store where the requested
data\-id is stored. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [consent_store] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONSENT_STORE\fR
ID of the consentStore or fully qualified identifier for the consentStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-id\fR=\fIDATA_ID\fR
The unique identifier of the data to check access for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-attributes\fR=[\fIREQUEST_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of request attributes associated with this access request.
Each attribute has the form "KEY=VALUE".


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To check if the data ID 'test\-data\-id' in the consent\-store
\'test\-consent\-store' can be used given request attributes
{"organization":"admins", "use_case":"research"}, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores check\-data\-access \e
    test\-consent\-store \-\-data\-id=test\-data\-id \e
    \-\-request\-attributes=organization=admins,use_case=research \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

