
.TH "GCLOUD_ASSET_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud asset export \- export the cloud assets to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud asset export\fR \fB\-\-output\-path\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-snapshot\-time\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Export the cloud assets to Google Cloud Storage. Use gcloud asset operations
describe to get the latest status of the operation. Note that to export a
project different from the project you want to bill, you can either explicitly
set the billing/quota_project property or authenticate with a service account.
See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/gcloud\-asset
for examples of using a service account.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-path\fR=\fIOUTPUT_PATH\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI where the results will go. URI must start with "gs://".
For example, "gs://bucket_name/object_name"


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]
A list of asset types (i.e., "compute.googleapis.com/Disk") to take a snapshot.
If specified and non\-empty, only assets matching the specified types will be
returned. See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview
for supported asset types.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR
Asset content type. If specified, only content matching the specified type will
be returned. Otherwise, no content but the asset name will be returned. Choices
are \f5resource\fR, \f5iam\-policy\fR. Specifying \f5resource\fR will export
resource metadata, and specifying \f5iam\-policy\fR will export IAM policy set
on assets. \fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBresource\fR, \fBiam\-policy\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-time\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_TIME\fR
Timestamp to take a snapshot on assets. This can only be a current or past time.
If not specified, the current time will be used. Due to delays in resource data
collection and indexing, there is a volatile window during which running the
same query at different times may return different results. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The ID of the folder which is the root asset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The ID of the organization which is the root asset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export a snapshot of assets of type 'compute.googleapis.com/Disk' in project
\'test\-project' at '2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z' to 'gs://bucket\-name/object\-name'
and only export the asset metadata, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset export \-\-project='test\-project' \e
    \-\-asset\-types='compute.googleapis.com/Disk' \e
    \-\-snapshot\-time='2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z' \e
    \-\-output\-path='gs://bucket\-name/object\-name' \e
    \-\-content\-type='resource'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset export
$ gcloud beta asset export
.RE

