
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_READGROUPSETS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets export \- exports a read group set to a BAM file in cloud storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics readgroupsets export\fR \fIREAD_GROUP_SET_ID\fR \fB\-\-export\-uri\fR=\fIEXPORT_URI\fR [\fB\-\-reference\-names\fR=[\fIREFERENCE_NAMES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports a read group set, optionally restricted by reference name,
to a BAM file in a provided Google Cloud Storage object. This command yields an
asynchronous Operation resource which tracks the completion of this task. See
[](https://cloud.google.com/genomics/managing\-reads for more details)



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREAD_GROUP_SET_ID\fR
The ID of the read group set to export.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-uri\fR=\fIEXPORT_URI\fR
Google Cloud Storage URI to which the BAM file
(https://samtools.github.io/hts\-specs/SAMv1.pdf) should be exported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reference\-names\fR=[\fIREFERENCE_NAMES\fR,...]
Comma separated list of reference names to be exported from the given read group
set. Provide * to export unmapped reads. By default, all reads are exported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

