
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create \- create a Compute Engine node group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-node\-template\fR=\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR \fB\-\-target\-size\fR=\fITARGET_SIZE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-autoscaler\-mode\fR=\fIAUTOSCALER_MODE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR=\fIMAX_NODES\fR\ \fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR=\fIMIN_NODES\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine node group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the node group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-template\fR=\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR
The name of the node template resource to be set for this node group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-size\fR=\fITARGET_SIZE\fR
The target initial number of nodes in the node group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
Determines the maintenance behavior during host maintenance events.
\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdefault\fR
VM instances on the host are live migrated to a new physical server.
.TP 2m
\fBmigrate\-within\-node\-group\fR
VM instances on the host are live migrated to another node within the same node
group.
.TP 2m
\fBrestart\-in\-place\fR
VM instances on the host are terminated and then restarted on the same physical
server after the maintenance event has completed.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the node group to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Autoscaling policy for node groups.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-autoscaler\-mode\fR=\fIAUTOSCALER_MODE\fR
Set the mode of an autoscaler for a node group. \fIAUTOSCALER_MODE\fR must be
one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoff\fR
to turn off autoscaling.
.TP 2m
\fBon\fR
to permit autoscaling to scale in and out.
.TP 2m
\fBonly\-scale\-out\fR
to permit autoscaling to scale only out and not in.
.RE
.sp

This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-nodes\fR=\fIMAX_NODES\fR
The maximum size of the node group. Must be smaller or equal to 100 and larger
than or equal to \f5\-\-min\-nodes\fR. Must be specified if
\f5\-\-autoscaler\-mode\fR is not \f5\fIoff\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-nodes\fR=\fIMIN_NODES\fR
The minimum size of the node group. Default is 0 and must be an integer value
smaller than or equal to \f5\-\-max\-nodes\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a node group, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create \e
    my\-node\-group \-\-node\-template=example\-template \-\-target\-size=4
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create
.RE

