
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_DISKS_ADD\-RESOURCE\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute disks add\-resource\-policies \- add resource policies to a Google Compute Engine disk



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute disks add\-resource\-policies\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR \fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add resource policies to a Google Compute Engine disk.

\fBgcloud beta compute disks add\-resource\-policies\fR adds resource policies
to a Google Compute Engine disk. These policies define a schedule for taking
snapshots and a retention period for these snapshots.

For information on how to create resource policies, see:.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies create \-\-help

.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to add resource policies to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...]
A list of resource policy names to be added to the disk. The policies must exist
in the same region as the disk.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disk to add resource policies to. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to add resource policies to. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command adds two resource policies to a Google Compute Engine
disk.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute disks add\-resource\-policies my\-disk \e
    \-\-zone=ZONE \-\-resource\-policies=policy\-1,policy\-2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks add\-resource\-policies
$ gcloud alpha compute disks add\-resource\-policies
.RE

