
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_BACKUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner backups \- manage Cloud Spanner backups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner backups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Spanner backups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Spanner backup.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a backup of a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing backup.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieves information about a backup.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner backup.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing Cloud Spanner Cloud Spanner backups.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Cloud Spanner backup.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner backup.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-metadata\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates the metadata of a Cloud Spanner a backup.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner backups
$ gcloud beta spanner backups
.RE

