
.TH "GCLOUD_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies delete \- delete an Organization Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies delete\fR \fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Deletes an Organization Policy associated with the specified resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR
The Org Policy constraint name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the organization policy. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command clears an Organization Policy for constraint
\f5serviceuser.services\fR on project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies delete serviceuser.services \e
    \-\-project=foo\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies delete
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies delete
.RE

