
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EVENTS_TRIGGERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta events triggers create \- create a trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta events triggers create\fR (\fITRIGGER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) \fB\-\-target\-service\fR=\fITARGET_SERVICE\fR \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-broker\fR=\fIBROKER\fR;\ default="default"\ \fB\-\-trigger\-filters\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-type\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-secrets\fR=[\fIPARAMETER\fR=\fINAME\fR:\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR\ \fB\-\-parameters\fR=[\fIPARAMETER\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-parameters\-from\-file\fR=\fIPARAMETERS_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Trigger resource \- Name of the trigger to create The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITRIGGER\fR
ID of the Trigger or fully qualified identifier for the Trigger. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run for Anthos: Kubernetes namespace for the Trigger.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-service\fR=\fITARGET_SERVICE\fR
Name or absolute uri of the Cloud Run service at which events should be
received.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Type of event (e.g. google.cloud.audit.log.v1.written).


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Cloud. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR and
\f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud
or Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware. Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR or
\f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-broker\fR=\fIBROKER\fR; default="default"
Name of the Broker to send events to. Defaults to 'default' if not specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-filters\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Filters to apply before forwarding events for the target service. Events must
contain all KEY=VALUE pairs to be forwarded.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Arguments to locate resources, depending on the platform used. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-type\fR
If specified, the provided event type should be interpreted as a custom event
type.

.TP 2m

Configuration parameters for the event source.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secrets\fR=[\fIPARAMETER\fR=\fINAME\fR:\fIKEY\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of secret parameter names and secrets. Specify secret
parameters and the secret name and key to reference. Parameter names must be one
of the secret parameters shown when describing the event type.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Events source kind by which to filter results.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parameters\fR=[\fIPARAMETER\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of parameter names and values. Names must be one of the
parameters shown when describing the event type. Only simple values can be
specified with this flag. To specify more complex types like lists and nested
objects, use \-\-parameters\-from\-file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parameters\-from\-file\fR=\fIPARAMETERS_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines a dictionary of parameters and
their values. Parameters must match the items shown when describing the event
type.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a trigger for a Cloud Pub/Sub event type:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta events triggers create TRIGGER \e
  \-\-type=google.cloud.pubsub.topic.v1.messagePublished
    \-\-parameters="topic=my\-topic" \-\-target\-service=my\-service
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

