
.TH "GCLOUD_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud pubsub subscriptions create \- creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud pubsub subscriptions create\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR\ ...] (\fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR] [\fB\-\-expiration\-period\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_PERIOD\fR] [\fB\-\-message\-retention\-duration\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR] [\fB\-\-retain\-acked\-messages\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions for a given topic. The new
subscription defaults to a PULL subscription unless a push endpoint is
specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- One or more subscriptions to create. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR ...]
IDs of the subscriptions or fully qualified identifiers for the subscriptions.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Name of the topic from which this subscription is receiving
messages. Each subscription is attached to a single topic. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the topic.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR
The number of seconds the system will wait for a subscriber to acknowledge
receiving a message before re\-attempting delivery.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\-period\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_PERIOD\fR
The subscription will expire if it is inactive for the given period. Valid
values are strings of the form INTEGER[UNIT], where UNIT is one of "s", "m",
"h", and "d" for seconds, minutes, hours, and days, respectively. If the unit is
omitted, seconds is assumed. This flag additionally accepts the special value
"never" to indicate that the subscription will never expire.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-retention\-duration\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_DURATION\fR
How long to retain unacknowledged messages in the subscription's backlog, from
the moment a message is published. If \-\-retain\-acked\-messages is true, this
also configures the retention of acknowledged messages. The default value is 7
days, the minimum is 10 minutes, and the maximum is 7 days. Valid values are
strings of the form INTEGER[UNIT], where UNIT is one of "s", "m", "h", and "d"
for seconds, minutes, hours, and days, respectively. If the unit is omitted,
seconds is assumed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR
A URL to use as the endpoint for this subscription. This will also automatically
set the subscription type to PUSH.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retain\-acked\-messages\fR
Whether or not to retain acknowledged messages. If true, messages are not
expunged from the subscription's backlog until they fall out of the
\-\-message\-retention\-duration window.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions create
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions create
.RE

