
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_DATASETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics datasets \- commands for Genomics datasets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics datasets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to create, update, delete, and examine datasets.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a dataset with a specified name.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns details about a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Genomics datasets in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restores a deleted dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a dataset name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

