
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-SETTINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-settings \- create and manage Resource Settings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-settings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud Resource Settings command group lets you create and
manipulate Resource Settings.

The Resource Settings Service is a hierarchy\-aware service with a
public\-facing API for end\-users to store settings that modify the behavior of
their Google Cloud Platform resources (e.g., VM, firewall, Project, etc.). The
settings are attached at the project level and above and can influence CRM
resources as well as sub\-project resources that are descendants of the setting
attachment point.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show the value of a resource setting.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all available resource settings.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-values\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the values for any configured resource settings.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-value\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the value of a resource setting.

.TP 2m
\fBunset\-value\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove the value of a resource setting.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

