
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_VMWARE_CLUSTERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha vmware clusters describe \- describe a cluster in a VMware Engine private cloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha vmware clusters describe\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-privatecloud\fR=\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a cluster in a VMware Engine private cloud.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- cluster. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [cluster] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Region of the private cloud or cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-privatecloud\fR=\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR
VMware Engine private cloud.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get a description of a cluster called \f5\fImy\-cluster\fR\fR in the
\f5\fImy\-privatecloud\fR\fR private cloud in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR
location, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware clusters describe my\-cluster \e
    \-\-privatecloud=my\-privatecloud \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-project=my\-project
.RE

Or:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware clusters describe my\-cluster \e
    \-\-privatecloud=my\-privatecloud
.RE

In the second example, the project and location are taken from gcloud properties
core/project and vmware/location.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

