
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BILLING_ACCOUNTS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta billing accounts set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Billing account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta billing accounts set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIACCOUNT\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta billing accounts set\-iam\-policy\fR sets the IAM
policy for a Cloud Billing account given an account ID and a JSON or YAML file
that describes the IAM policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Account resource \- The Cloud Billing account for which to display the IAM
policy. This represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIACCOUNT\fR
The ID of the account or a fully qualified identifier for the account.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudbilling/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/billing/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in the JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and sets it for a Billing account ID
\fB123456\-789876\-543210\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing accounts set\-iam\-policy 123456\-789876\-543210 \e
    policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for policy file format
and content details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing accounts set\-iam\-policy
.RE

