
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS_QUEUES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks queues create \- create a Cloud Tasks queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks queues create\fR \fIQUEUE\fR [\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-concurrent\-tasks\fR=\fIMAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-tasks\-dispatched\-per\-second\fR=\fIMAX_TASKS_DISPATCHED_PER_SECOND\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR] [\fB\-\-routing\-override\fR=\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,[...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The flags available to this command represent the fields of a
queue that are mutable.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUEUE\fR
The queue to create.



.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR
The maximum number of attempts per task in the queue.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR
The maximum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it fails. Must
be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-concurrent\-tasks\fR=\fIMAX_CONCURRENT_TASKS\fR
The maximum number of concurrent tasks that Cloud Tasks allows to be dispatched
for this queue. After this threshold has been reached, Cloud Tasks stops
dispatching tasks until the number of outstanding requests decreases.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR
The time between retries will double maxDoublings times.

A tasks retry interval starts at minBackoff, then doubles maxDoublings times,
then increases linearly, and finally retries retries at intervals of maxBackoff
up to maxAttempts times.

For example, if minBackoff is 10s, maxBackoff is 300s, and maxDoublings is 3,
then the a task will first be retried in 10s. The retry interval will double
three times, and then increase linearly by 2^3 * 10s. Finally, the task will
retry at intervals of maxBackoff until the task has been attempted maxAttempts
times. Thus, the requests will retry at 10s, 20s, 40s, 80s, 160s, 240s, 300s,
300s.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR
The time limit for retrying a failed task, measured from when the task was first
run. Once the \f5\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR time has passed and the task has
been attempted \-\-max\-attempts times, no further attempts will be made and the
task will be deleted.

Must be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-tasks\-dispatched\-per\-second\fR=\fIMAX_TASKS_DISPATCHED_PER_SECOND\fR
The maximum rate at which tasks are dispatched from this queue.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR
The minimum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it fails. Must
be a string that ends in 's', such as "5s".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-routing\-override\fR=\fIKEY\fR:\fIVALUE\fR,[...]
If provided, the specified route is used for all tasks in the queue, no matter
what is set is at the task\-level.

KEY must be at least one of: [service, version, instance]. Any missing keys will
use the default.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Cloud Tasks queue:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha tasks queues create my\-queue
  \-\-max\-attempts=10 \-\-max\-retry\-duration=5s
  \-\-max\-doublings=4 \-\-min\-backoff=1s
  \-\-max\-backoff=10s
  \-\-max\-tasks\-dispatched\-per\-second=100
  \-\-max\-concurrent\-tasks=10
  \-\-routing\-override=service:abc
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud tasks queues create
$ gcloud beta tasks queues create
.RE

