
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_PRODUCTS_CATALOGS_DELETE\-IMAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml products catalogs delete\-images \- delete ReferenceImages from a Cloud Product Search Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml products catalogs delete\-images\fR \fICATALOG\fR \fB\-\-product\-id\fR=\fIPRODUCT_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command deletes all ReferenceImages for a given product id
from a Cloud Product Search Catalog.

Note: ReferenceImages are only marked for deletion. The ReferenceImages will
remain in the catalog until the next time the catalog is indexed (currently
daily). The actual image files are not deleted from Google Cloud Storage.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICATALOG\fR
The catalog to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\-id\fR=\fIPRODUCT_ID\fR
The product ID to delete ReferenceImages for. Product Id is restricted to 255
characters including letters, numbers, underscore ( _ ) and hyphen (\-).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete all images for product abc123 from a catalog, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml products catalogs delete\-images CATALOG \e
    \-\-product\-id abc123
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

