
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql \- create and manage Google Cloud SQL databases



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud sql command group lets you create and manage Google
Cloud SQL databases.

Cloud SQL is a fully\-managed database service that makes it easy to set up,
maintain, manage, and administer your relational MySQL databases in the cloud.

More information on Cloud SQL can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/sql
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbackups\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands for working with backups of Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdatabases\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands for managing databases of Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands to export Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fBflags\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide a command to list flags.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provides commands to import Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fBinstances\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands for working with Cloud SQL instance operations.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands for managing SSL certificates of Cloud SQL
instances.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\-certs\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Provide commands for managing SSL certificates
of Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fBtiers\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide a command to list tiers.

.TP 2m
\fBusers\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands for managing Cloud SQL users.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconnect\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Connects to a Cloud SQL instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql
$ gcloud alpha sql
.RE

