
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances remove\-labels \- remove labels from Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances remove\-labels\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances remove\-labels\fR removes labels from a Google
Compute Engine virtual machine instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all labels from the resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of label keys to remove from the resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove existing labels with key \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR from
\'example\-instance'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances remove\-labels example\-instance \e
    \-\-labels=k0,k1
.RE

Labels can be used to identify the instance and to filter them. To find a
instance labeled with key\-value pair \f5\fIk1\fR\fR, \f5\fIv2\fR\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='labels.k1:v2'
.RE

To list only the labels when describing a resource, use \-\-format

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances describe example\-instance \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-labels
$ gcloud beta compute instances remove\-labels
.RE

