
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_GROUPS_ADD\-MEMBERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute groups add\-members \- add a user to a Google Compute Engine group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute groups add\-members\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-members\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR,[\fIUSERNAME\fR,...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute groups add\-members\fR adds a users to a
Google Compute Engine group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
The names of the groups to add members to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-members\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR,[\fIUSERNAME\fR,...]
The names or fully\-qualified URLs of the users to add.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add a user to a group, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute groups add\-members example\-group \e
    \-\-members example\-user
.RE

To add multiple users to multiple groups, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute groups add\-members example\-group\-1 \e
    example\-group\-2 \-\-members example\-user\-1,example\-user\-2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute groups add\-members
.RE

