
.TH "GCLOUD_IOT_DEVICES_CREDENTIALS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iot devices credentials create \- add a new credential to a device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iot devices credentials create\fR \fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fB\-\-expiration\-time\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_TIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

A device may have at most 3 credentials.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR
The path on disk to the file containing the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
The type of the key. \fITYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBes256\fR
Deprecated nmame for \f5es256\-pem\fR
.TP 2m
\fBes256\-pem\fR
Public key for the ECDSA algorithm using P\-256 and SHA\-256, encoded in base64,
and wrapped by \f5\-\-\-\-\-BEGIN PUBLIC KEY\-\-\-\-\-\fR and \f5\-\-\-\-\-END
PUBLIC KEY\-\-\-\-\-\fR. This can be used to verify JWT tokens with the
\f5ES256\fR algorithm (RFC7518 (https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc7518.txt)). This
curve is defined in OpenSSL (https://www.openssl.org/) as the \f5prime256v1\fR
curve.
.TP 2m
\fBes256\-x509\-pem\fR
(As ES256_PEM, but wrapped in an X.509v3 certificate ([RFC5280](
https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5280.txt)), encoded in base64, and wrapped by
\f5\-\-\-\-\-BEGIN CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR and \f5\-\-\-\-\-END
CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR.
.TP 2m
\fBrs256\fR
Deprecated name for \f5rsa\-x509\-pem\fR
.TP 2m
\fBrsa\-pem\fR
An RSA public key encoded in base64, and wrapped by \f5\-\-\-\-\-BEGIN PUBLIC
KEY\-\-\-\-\-\fR and \f5\-\-\-\-\-END PUBLIC KEY\-\-\-\-\-\fR. This can be used
to verify \f5RS256\fR signatures in JWT tokens (RFC7518
(https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc7518.txt)).
.TP 2m
\fBrsa\-x509\-pem\fR
As RSA_PEM, but wrapped in an X.509v3 certificate (RFC5280
(https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5280.txt)), encoded in base64, and wrapped by
\f5\-\-\-\-\-BEGIN CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR and \f5\-\-\-\-\-END
CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

DEVICE \- The device for which to create credentials. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
The ID of the device or a fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\-time\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_TIME\fR
The expiration time for the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot devices credentials create
$ gcloud beta iot devices credentials create
.RE

