
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_INSTANCES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis instances import \- import data to a Memorystore Redis instance from Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis instances import\fR \fISOURCE\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import data to a Memorystore Redis instance from Google Cloud
Storage.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISOURCE\fR
The Cloud Storage object path to import the instance from. Must have the redis
DB file extension *.rdb\fB.

.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
instance you want to import to. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-region\fB=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import to the instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in region
\f5us\-central1\fR from Cloud Storage object
gs://my\-bucket/my\-redis\-instance.rdb run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances import \e
    gs://my\-bucket/my\-redis\-instance.rdb my\-redis\-instance \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances import
$ gcloud beta redis instances import
.RE

