
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_EMULATORS_SPANNER_START" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha emulators spanner start \- start a local Cloud Spanner emulator



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha emulators spanner start\fR [\fB\-\-host\-port\fR=\fIHOST_PORT\fR] [\fB\-\-rest\-port\fR=\fIREST_PORT\fR] [\fB\-\-use\-docker\fR=\fIUSE_DOCKER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command starts a local Cloud Spanner emulator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\-port\fR=\fIHOST_PORT\fR
The host:port to which the emulator should be bound. The default value is
localhost:9010. Note that this port serves gRPC requests. To override the
default port serving REST requests, use \-\-rest\-port. If using Docker to run
the emulator, the host must be specified as an ipaddress.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-rest\-port\fR=\fIREST_PORT\fR
The port at which REST requests are served. gcloud uses REST to communicate with
the emulator. The default value is 9020.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-docker\fR=\fIUSE_DOCKER\fR
Use the cloud spanner emulator docker image even if the platform has a native
binary available in the sdk. Currently we only provide a native binary for
Linux. For other systems, you must install docker for your platform before
starting the emulator.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a local Cloud Spanner emulator, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha emulators spanner start
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators spanner start
.RE

