
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_CHANNELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring channels create \- create a new notification channel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring channels create\fR [\fB\-\-channel\-content\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-channel\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-no\-enabled\fR\ \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a new notification channel. A channel can be specified as
JSON/YAML passed in as a string through the \f5\-\-channel\-content\fR flag or
as a file through the \f5\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR flag. A basic
channel can also be specified through command line flags. If a channel is
specified through \f5\-\-channel\-content\fR or
\f5\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR, and additional flags are supplied, the
flags will override the given channel's settings.

For information about the JSON/YAML format of a notification channel:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rest/v3/projects.notificationChannels

Additional documentation can for this operation can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/alerts/using\-channels\-api


.SH "EXAMPLES"
The following commands setup both email and SMS notification channels for the
team lead. Note that the display name and description focus on the
purpose/semantics of the channel rather than its destination. This is a
best\-practice that facilitates swapping/updating notification channels
in\-place (such as when users change teams, projects, roles, companies, etc.)
with minimal impact to the alerting policies that reference the existing
channels. It is also a best practice to supply at least two channels of
different types for a given person.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels create               \e
    \-\-display\-name="Foo Team Lead (Primary)"               \e
    \-\-description="Primary contact method for the Foo team lead"   \e
                \-\-type=email               \e
    \-\-user\-labels=team=foo,role=lead,ord=1               \e
    \-\-channel\-labels=email_address=user@somedomain.tld
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels create               \e
    \-\-display\-name="Foo Team Lead (Secondary)"               \e
    \-\-description="Secondary contact method for the Foo team lead" \e
                  \-\-type=sms               \e
    \-\-user\-labels=team=foo,role=lead,ord=2               \e
    \-\-channel\-labels=number=123\-456\-7890
.RE



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-channel\-content\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT\fR
The channel\-content as a string. In either JSON or YAML format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT_FROM_FILE\fR
The path to a JSON or YAML file containing the channel\-content.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Notification channel settings

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-channel\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers.

These are configuration fields that define the channel and its behavior.If the
channel was given as a JSON/YAML object from a string or file, this flag will
replace the labels value in the given channel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description for the channel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The display name for the channel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enabled\fR
Whether notifications are forwarded to the described channel. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-enabled\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
The type of the notification channel. This field matches the value of the
NotificationChannelDescriptor type field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

If the channel was given as a JSON/YAML object from a string or file, this flag
will replace the labels value in the given channel.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring channels create
.RE

