
.TH "GCLOUD_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud data\-catalog entries create \- create a Cloud Data Catalog entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud data\-catalog entries create\fR (\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) ([\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-gcs\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIGCS_FILE_PATTERNS\fR,...]]\ |\ [\fB\-\-user\-specified\-system\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_SYSTEM\fR\ \fB\-\-user\-specified\-type\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_TYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-linked\-resource\fR=\fILINKED_RESOURCE\fR\ \fB\-\-source\-system\-create\-time\fR=\fISOURCE_SYSTEM_CREATE_TIME\fR\ \fB\-\-source\-system\-update\-time\fR=\fISOURCE_SYSTEM_UPDATE_TIME\fR]) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a Cloud Data Catalog entry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry resource \- Entry to create. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the entry or fully qualified identifier for the entry. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Types can either be specified as a built\-in type or described as a custom type.
Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Built\-in type can be specified for an entry. For types FILESET, a file pattern
must be specified.



.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Type of the entry. \fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBdata\-stream\fR,
\fBentry\-type\-unspecified\fR, \fBfileset\fR, \fBmodel\fR, \fBtable\fR. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIGCS_FILE_PATTERNS\fR,...]
Patterns to identify a set of files in Google Cloud Storage. A star (\f5*\fR)
may be used at the end of a pattern to match arbitrary files beginning with that
pattern.

Examples of valid file patterns:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
gs://bucket_name/\f5*\fR \- Matches all files in 'bucket_name'.
.IP "\(em" 2m
gs://bucket_name/file\f5*\fR \- Matches files prefixed by 'file' in
\'bucket_name'.
.IP "\(em" 2m
gs://another_bucket/a.txt \- Matches 'gs://another_bucket/a.txt'.
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

For externally ingested resources, \f5\-\-user\-specified\-type\fR and
\f5\-\-user\-specified\-system\fR are required. Linked resource and source
system time stamps are optional.



.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-specified\-system\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_SYSTEM\fR
External system from which the entry is fed. If \f5\-\-type\fR is not used, then
\f5\-\-user\-specified\-system\fR must be provided. This flag must be specified
if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-specified\-type\fR=\fIUSER_SPECIFIED_TYPE\fR
Type of the entry coming from external system. If \f5\-\-type\fR is not used,
then \f5\-\-user\-specified\-type\fR must be provided. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-linked\-resource\fR=\fILINKED_RESOURCE\fR
Link to the resource in external system. If \f5\-\-type\fR is not used, then
\f5\-\-linked\-resource\fR may be provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-system\-create\-time\fR=\fISOURCE_SYSTEM_CREATE_TIME\fR
Creation timestamp of the resource in the external system. If \f5\-\-type\fR is
not used, then \f5\-\-source\-system\-create\-time\fR may be provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-system\-update\-time\fR=\fISOURCE_SYSTEM_UPDATE_TIME\fR
Update timestamp of the resource in the external system. If \f5\-\-type\fR is
not used, then \f5\-\-source\-system\-update\-time\fR may be provided.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Textual description of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human\-readable name for the entry.

.TP 2m

Column schema for the entry. A schema consists of a list of column names along
with their types, descriptions, modes, and nested subcolumns. For example:

.RS 2m
\- column: first_name
  description: First name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: last_name
  description: Last name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: addresses
  description: Addresses
  mode: REPEATED
  type: RECORD
  subcolumns:
  \- column: city
    description: City
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
  \- column: state
    description: State
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
.RE

At most one of these may be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]
Inline schema for the entry. When specifying a schema via this argument, only
column names and types should be provided. Column modes will default to
NULLABLE, and column descriptions and nested subcolumns are not supported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the schema for the entry. This can be
used to specify schemas with column descriptions, column modes other than
NULLABLE, and nested subcolumns.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an entry for a Google Cloud Storage fileset, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries create entry1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-entry\-group=group1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-file\-patterns="gs://bucket1/abc/*,gs://bucket1/file1" \e
    \-\-display\-name="analytics data" type=FILESET
.RE

To create an entry for a Google Cloud Storage fileset with an inline schema,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries create entry1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-entry\-group=group1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-file\-patterns="gs://bucket1/*" \-\-display\-name="sales data" \e
    \-\-schema="qtr=STRING,sales=FLOAT,year=STRING"
.RE

To create an entry for a resource of a custom type, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries create entry1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-entry\-group=group1 \e
    \-\-display\-name="sales data" \-\-linked\-resource="www.resource.com" \e
    \-\-user\-specified\-type="type_name" \-\-user\-specified\-system="system_name"
.RE

To create an entry for a Google Cloud Storage fileset with a schema from a file,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entries create entry1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-entry\-group=group1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-file\-patterns="gs://bucket1/*" \-\-display\-name="sales data" \e
    \-\-schema\-from\-file=/tmp/schema.json \-\-type=FILESET
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries create
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entries create
.RE

