
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_OPERATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc operations \- view and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc operations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR View and manage Google Cloud Dataproc operations.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Cancel an active operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete the record of an inactive operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the details of an operation.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for an operation.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the list of all operations.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for an operation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel an active operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations cancel operation_id
.RE

To view the details of an operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations describe operation_id
.RE

To see the list of all operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations list
.RE

To delete the record of an inactive operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations delete operation_id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations
.RE

