
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_LITE\-TOPICS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics delete \- delete a Pub/Sub Lite topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics delete\fR (\fITOPIC\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Pub/Sub Lite topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Topic to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [topic] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the location of the Pub/Sub Lite resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsublite/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a Pub/Sub Lite topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics delete mytopic \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub lite\-topics delete
.RE

