
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders \- manage Cloud Folders



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to query and update your Cloud Folders.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new folder.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List folders accessible by the active account.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Move a folder to a new position within the same organization.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undelete a folder.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the display name of a folder.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

