
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets \- manage secrets on Google Cloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Google Secret Manager allows users to store and retrieve secrets
such as API keys, certificates, passwords on Google Cloud. Google Secret Manager
is integrated with Cloud IAM and Cloud Audit Logging so users can manage
permissions on individual secrets and monitor how these are used.

To learn more about Google Secret Manager, visit:

.RS 2m
https://cloud.google.com/secret\-manager/
.RE

To read API and usage documentation, visit:

.RS 2m
https://cloud.google.com/secret\-manager/docs/
.RE



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage locations of users' secrets.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage secret versions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a secret.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new secret.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a secret.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a secret's metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for the secret.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List all secret names.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a secret.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy binding for a secret.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a secret's metadata.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets
.RE

