
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ARTIFACTS_DOCKER_TAGS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta artifacts docker tags list \- list all tags associated with a container image in Artifact Registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta artifacts docker tags list\fR [\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR A valid Docker top layer image has the format of

.RS 2m
[<location>\-]docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE_PATH
.RE

A valid container image can be referenced by tag or digest, has the format of

.RS 2m
[<location>\-]docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE_PATH:tag
[<location>\-]docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE_PATH@sha256:digest
.RE

To specify the maximum number of repositories to list, use the \-\-limit flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR]
An Artifact Registry repository or a container image. If not specified, default
config values are used.

A valid docker repository has the format of
LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID

A valid image has the format of
LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE_PATH


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all tags under the current project, repository, and location:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts docker tags list
.RE

To list all tags under the \f5my\-project\fR, \f5my\-repository\fR, across all
locations:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts docker tags list \e
    docker.pkg.dev/my\-project/my\-repository
.RE

To list all tags in repository \f5my\-repository\fR in \f5us\-west1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts docker tags list \e
    us\-west1\-docker.pkg.dev/my\-project/my\-repository
.RE

To list tags for image \f5busy\-box\fR in \f5us\-west1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts docker tags list \e
    us\-west1\-docker.pkg.dev/my\-project/my\-repository/busy\-box
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts docker tags list
.RE

