
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SSL\-CERTIFICATES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates create \- create a Google Compute Engine SSL certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates create\fR \fINAME\fR (\fB\-\-domains\fR=\fIDOMAIN\fR,[\fIDOMAIN\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR\ \fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute ssl\-certificates create\fR is used to
create SSL certificates which can be used to configure a target HTTPS proxy. An
SSL certificate consists of a certificate and private key. The private key is
encrypted before it is stored.

You can create either a managed or a self\-managed SslCertificate. A managed
SslCertificate will be provisioned and renewed for you, when you specify the
\f5\-\-domains\fR flag. A self\-managed certificate is created by passing the
certificate obtained from Certificate Authority through \f5\-\-certificate\fR
and \f5\-\-private\-key\fR flags.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the SSL certificate to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Flags for managed or self\-managed certificate. Exactly one of these must be
specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-domains\fR=\fIDOMAIN\fR,[\fIDOMAIN\fR,...]
List of domains to create a managed certificate for.

.TP 2m

Flags for self\-managed certificate

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
Path to a local certificate file to create a self\-managed certificate. The
certificate must be in PEM format. The certificate chain must be no greater than
5 certs long. The chain must include at least one intermediate cert. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
Path to a local private key file. The private key must be in PEM format and must
use RSA or ECDSA encryption. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the SSL certificate.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the SSL certificate is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the SSL certificate to create. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute ssl\-certificates create
$ gcloud beta compute ssl\-certificates create
.RE

