
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_TAIL\-SERIAL\-PORT\-OUTPUT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances tail\-serial\-port\-output \- periodically fetch new output from a virtual machine instance's serial port and display it as it becomes available



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances tail\-serial\-port\-output\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha compute instances tail\-serial\-port\-output is used
to tail the output from a Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance's
serial port. The serial port output from the instance will be printed to
standard output. This information can be useful for diagnostic purposes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Instances can support up to four serial port outputs, numbered 1 through 4. By
default, this command will return the output of the first serial port. Setting
this flag will return the output of the requested serial port.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To fetch new output from instance's serial port and display it, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances tail\-serial\-port\-output \e
    example\-instance \-\-zone=us\-central1\-b
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances tail\-serial\-port\-output
$ gcloud beta compute instances tail\-serial\-port\-output
.RE

