
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules \- read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load balancers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load
balancers.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a load
balancer.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete forwarding rules.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display detailed information about a forwarding rule.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Export a forwarding rule.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Import a forwarding rule.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine forwarding rules.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-target\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Modify a forwarding rule to direct network traffic to a new target.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine forwarding rule.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute forwarding\-rules
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules
.RE

