
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APP_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create \- creates a domain mapping



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\fB\-\-certificate\-id\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-certificate\-management\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a domain mapping.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
A valid domain which may begin with a wildcard, such as: \f5example.com\fR or
\f5\fB.example.com\fR


\fR
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-id\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_ID\fR
A certificate id to use for this domain. May not be used on a domain mapping
with automatically managed certificates. Use the \f5gcloud app ssl\-certificates
list\fR to see available certificates for this app.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-management\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR
Type of certificate management. 'automatic' will provision an SSL certificate
automatically while 'manual' requires the user to provide a certificate id to
provision. \fICERTIFICATE_MANAGEMENT\fR must be one of: \fBautomatic\fR,
\fBmanual\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new App Engine new domain mapping with an automatically managed
certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create 'example.com'
.RE

To create a domain with a manual certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create '*.example.com'          \e
           \-\-certificate\-management=manual \-\-certificate\-id=1234
.RE

Note: managed certificates do not support wildcard domain mappings.

To create a domain with no associated certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create '*.example.com'          \e
           \-\-certificate\-management=manual
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings create
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings create
.RE

