
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner instances update \- update a Cloud Spanner instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner instances update\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-nodes\fR=\fINODES\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Spanner instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Spanner instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-nodes\fR=\fINODES\fR
Number of nodes for the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the display name of a Cloud Spanner instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner instances update my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-description=my\-new\-display\-name
.RE

To update the node count of a Cloud Spanner instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner instances update my\-instance\-id \-\-nodes=1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner instances update
$ gcloud alpha spanner instances update
.RE

