
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TPUS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute tpus \- list, create, and delete Cloud TPUs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute tpus\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List, create, and delete Cloud TPUs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccelerator\-types\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List or Describe Available Cloud TPU accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List or Describe Available Cloud TPU Locations.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Explore Available Tensorflow versions for Cloud TPUs.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Cloud TPUs.

.TP 2m
\fBreimage\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Reimages the OS on a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Start a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Stop a Cloud TPU.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus
.RE

