
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESET\-WINDOWS\-PASSWORD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute reset\-windows\-password \- reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute reset\-windows\-password\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute reset\-windows\-password\fR allows a user
to reset and retrieve a password for a Windows virtual machine instance. If the
Windows account does not exist, this command will cause the account to be
created and the password for that new account will be returned.

For Windows instances that are running a domain controller, running this command
creates a new domain user if the user does not exist, or resets the password if
the user does exist. It is not possible to use this command to create a local
user on a domain\-controller instance.

NOTE: When resetting passwords or adding a new user to a Domain Controller in
this way, the user will be added to the built in Admin Group on the Domain
Controller. This will give the user wide reaching permissions. If this is not
the desired outcome then Active Directory Users and Computers should be used
instead.

For all other instances, including domain\-joined instances, running this
command creates a local user or resets the password for a local user.

WARNING: Resetting a password for an existing user can cause the loss of data
encrypted with the current Windows password, such as encrypted files or stored
passwords.

The user running this command must have write permission for the Google Compute
Engine project containing the Windows instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR
\f5\fIUSER\fR\fR specifies the username to get the password for. If omitted, the
username is derived from your authenticated account email address.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To reset the password for user 'foo' on a Windows instance 'my\-instance' in
zone 'us\-central1\-f', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute reset\-windows\-password my\-instance \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-f \-\-user=foo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute reset\-windows\-password
$ gcloud beta compute reset\-windows\-password
.RE

