
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_DISKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute disks \- read and manipulate Compute Engine disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute disks\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine disks.

For more information about disks, see the disks documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/).

See also: Disks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/disks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add labels to Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-resource\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add resource policies to a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine disks.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Move a disk between zones.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove labels from Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-resource\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove resource policies from a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBresize\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Resize a disk or disks.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshot\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create snapshots of Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine persistent disk.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks
$ gcloud beta compute disks
.RE

