
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_VPN\-GATEWAYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways create \- create a new Google Compute Engine Highly Available VPN gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways create\fR creates a new
Highly Available VPN gateway.

Highly Available VPN Gateway provides a means to create a VPN solution with a
higher availability SLA compared to Classic Target VPN Gateway. Highly Available
VPN gateways are simply referred to as VPN gateways in the API documentation and
gcloud commands. A VPN Gateway can reference one or more VPN tunnels that
connect it to external VPN gateways or Cloud VPN Gateways.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the VPN Gateway to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
A reference to a network to which the VPN gateway is attached.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the VPN Gateway to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a VPN gateway, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute vpn\-gateways create my\-vpn\-gateway \e
  \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-network=default
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute vpn\-gateways create
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-gateways create
.RE

