
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc clusters import \- import a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc clusters import\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This will create a new cluster with the given configuration. If a
cluster with this name already exists, an error will be thrown.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- The name of the cluster to import. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the cluster. Each Dataproc region constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute Engine zones
inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value
for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a YAML file containing cluster configuration export data. The YAML file
must not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag
to read from standard input. A schema describing the export/import format can be
found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/dataproc/v1beta2/Cluster.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import a cluster from a YAML file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters import my_cluster \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-source=cluster.yaml
.RE

To import a cluster from standard output, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc clusters import my_cluster \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters import
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters import
.RE

