
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS_WAIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta debug snapshots wait \- wait for debug snapshots on a Cloud Debugger debug target (debuggee) to         complete



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta debug snapshots wait\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-\-all\-users\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="unlimited"] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta debug snapshots wait\fR is used to wait for one or
more snapshots on a Cloud Debugger debug target to complete. A snapshot is
considered completed either if there was an error setting the snapshot or if the
snapshot was hit on an instance of the debug target.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more snapshot resource identifiers. The command will wait for any of the
specified snapshots to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
If set, wait for all of the specified snapshots to complete, instead of waiting
for any one of them to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-users\fR
If set, wait for matching snapshots from all users, rather than only the current
user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against snapshot locations. The command will wait
for any snapshots matching these criteria to complete. You may specify
\-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud beta debug snapshots wait \e
  \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:3
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="unlimited"
Maximum number of seconds to wait for a snapshot to complete. By default, wait
indefinitely.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To wait for either of the snapshots with IDs of 'ID1' or 'ID2' of the debug
target (debuggee) to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots wait ID1 ID2 \-\-target=<debuggee_id>
.RE

To wait for both of the snapshots with IDs 'ID1' and 'ID2' of the debug target
(debuggee) to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots wait ID1 ID2 \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \e
    \-\-all
.RE

To wait up to 30 seconds for the snapshot with ID 'ID1' of the debug target
(debuggee) to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots wait ID1 \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \e
    \-\-timeout=30
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots wait
.RE

