
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-VPN\-GATEWAYS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways list \- list Google Compute Engine target VPN gateways



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways list\fR displays all
Google Compute Engine target VPN gateways in a project.

By default, target VPN gateways from all regions are listed. The results can be
narrowed down using a filter: \f5\-\-filter="region:( REGION ... )"\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of
resources.

Argument \f5NAME\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name=( 'NAME' ... )"\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
(DEPRECATED) Regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names
that do not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

Flag \f5\-\-regexp\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name~'REGEXP'"\fR
instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=\fIREGION\fR,[\fIREGION\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, only resources from the given regions are queried.

Flag \f5\-\-regions\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="region:( REGION ...
)"\fR instead. For example \f5\-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 europe\-west2
)"\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all target VPN gateways in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways list
.RE

To list the URIs of all target VPN gateways in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all target VPN gateways in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-vpn\-gateways list \e
    \-\-filter="region:( us\-central1 europe\-west1 )"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-vpn\-gateways list
$ gcloud beta compute target\-vpn\-gateways list
.RE

