
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-MAINTENANCE\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-maintenance\-policies \- removes maintenance policies to Google Compute Engine VM instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances remove\-maintenance\-policies\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-resource\-maintenance\-policies\fR=\fIRESOURCE_MAINTENANCE_POLICIES\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances remove\-maintenance\-policies\fR
removes maintenance policies from Google Compute Engine virtual instances.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to remove maintenance policies from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-maintenance\-policies\fR=\fIRESOURCE_MAINTENANCE_POLICIES\fR
Name of a maintenance policy to be removed from the instance. The policy must
exist in the same region as the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to remove maintenance policies from. If not specified,
you may be prompted to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the
zone by searching for resources in your project. If the zone cannot be
determined, you will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

