
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_SNAPSHOTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore snapshots delete \- delete a Cloud Filestore snapshot



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore snapshots delete\fR \fISNAPSHOT\fR (\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Filestore snapshot.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The snapshot specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete the given snapshot.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT\fR
Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore snapshot you want to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-c) for the snapshot.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfile/v1p1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a snapshot with the name 'my\-snapshot' in the
region us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore snapshots delete my\-snapshot \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

