
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors \- create and manage Google Binary Authorization Attestation Authorities



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Google Binary Authorization Attestation
Authorities.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpublic\-keys\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage public keys associated with Attestation
Authorities.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to an attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for an attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Attestors associated with the current project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding to an attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for an attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing Attestor.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors
.RE

