
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS_REMOVE\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks remove\-labels \- remove labels from Google Compute Engine persistent disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks remove\-labels\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute disks remove\-labels\fR removes labels from a Google Compute
Engine persistent disk.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all labels from the resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of label keys to remove from the resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disk to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove existing labels with key \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR from
\'example\-disk'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks remove\-labels example\-disk \-\-labels=k0,k1
.RE

Labels can be used to identify the disk and to filter them. To find a disk
labeled with key\-value pair \f5\fIk1\fR\fR, \f5\fIv2\fR\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks list \-\-filter='labels.k1:v2'
.RE

To list only the labels when describing a resource, use \-\-format

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks describe example\-disk \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks remove\-labels
$ gcloud beta compute disks remove\-labels
.RE

