
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_TABLES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq tables create \- create a new BigQuery table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq tables create\fR (\fITABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-expiration\fR=\fIEXPIRATION\fR] [\fB\-\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-schema\fR=\fIFIELD_NAME\fR=\fIFIELD_TYPE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-schema\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FILE\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-use\-legacy\-sql\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new BigQuery table. Create a table or view with a
specified name. A view is a collection of rows selected by a query in a flag,
and manipulated as a table. The dataset to contain the table or view must
already exist, and must not contain a table or view with the specified name.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The BigQuery table you want to create. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [table] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the table.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\fR=\fIEXPIRATION\fR
How long after creation should this table or view expire e.g. 1d, 2w etc.

See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration formats

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-overwrite\fR
Overwrite if the resource already exists.

.TP 2m

Specify the table schema. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\fR=\fIFIELD_NAME\fR=\fIFIELD_TYPE\fR
A comma\-separated list of entries of the form FIELD_NAME[=FIELD_TYPE]
specifying field names and types for the table being created. FIELD_TYPE
defaults to string if not present. Possible FIELD_TYPES are \f5string\fR,
\f5integer\fR, \f5float\fR, \f5boolean\fR, \f5record\fR, and \f5timestamp\fR.

For more details on BigQuery schemas see:
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/schemas.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FILE\fR
The name of a JSON file containing a single object containing an array each
element of which is an object with properties name, type, and, optionally a mode
(one of: \f5NULLABLE\fR, \f5REQUIRED\fR or \f5REPEATED\fR), specifying a schema
for the table being created. If mode is omitted the default is 'NULLABLE'.

For example: { 'schema': [ { 'name': 'field1', 'type': 'string', 'mode':
\'REQUIRED' }, { 'name': 'field2', 'type': 'integer', 'mode': 'REPEATED' }, [ {
\'name': 'fieldN', 'type': TYPE, ['mode': MODE] } ... ] ] }

For more details on BigQuery schemas see:
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/schemas.

.TP 2m

Create a view instead of regular table.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR
Create a view with this SQL query. (If this flag is not specified, a table is
created.) This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-legacy\-sql\fR
If specified, query will use BigQuery's legacy SQL syntax. If not specified,
query will use BigQuery's standard SQL dialect by default
(https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/sql\-reference/).


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a table with ID \f5my\-table\fR in
\f5my\-dataset\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables create  \e
    /projects/myproject/datasets/my\-dataset/tables/my\-table \e
    \-\-description 'My New Table'
.RE

The following command creates a view with ID \f5my\-view\fR in dataset
\f5my\-other\-dataset\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables create  my\-view \-\-dataset my\-other\-dataset \e
  \-\-view 'SELECT field1, field3 FROM `my\-project.my\-other\-dataset.my\-table`'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

