
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APP_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings \- view and manage your App Engine domain mappings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This set of commands can be used to view and manage your app's
domain mappings.

App Engine Domain Mappings allow an application to be served via one or many
custom domains, such as \f5example.com\fR, instead of the default
\f5appspot.com\fR address. You can use a custom domain with or without SSL.

App Engine Domain Mappings allow an application to be served via one or many
custom domains, such as \f5example.com\fR, instead of the default
\f5appspot.com\fR address. You can use a custom domain with or without SSL. Use
the AUTOMATIC management type to automatically provision an SSL certificate for
your domain. Use the MANUAL management type to provide your own certificate or
omit SSL.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a specified domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a specified domain mapping.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a domain mapping.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your App Engine domains, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings list
.RE

To create a domain with an automatically managed certiticate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create 'example.com' \e
    \-\-certificate\-management=AUTOMATIC
.RE

To create a domain with a manual certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app domain\-mappings create 'example.com'            \e
         \-\-certificate\-management=manual \-\-certificate\-id=1234
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app domain\-mappings
$ gcloud beta app domain\-mappings
.RE

