
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_DATASOURCES_BIGQUERY_ANALYZE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp datasources bigquery analyze \- schedule a risk analysis job for content in a BigQuery table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp datasources bigquery analyze\fR \fIINPUT_TABLE\fR (\fB\-\-categorical\-stat\-field\fR=\fICATEGORICAL_STAT_FIELD\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-numerical\-stat\-field\fR=\fINUMERICAL_STAT_FIELD\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-quasi\-ids\fR=[\fIQUASI_IDS\fR,...]\ :\ \fB\-\-sensitive\-attribute\fR=\fISENSITIVE_ATTRIBUTE\fR]) (\fB\-\-output\-table\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-output\-topics\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Schedules a job to compute risk analysis metrics on content in a
BigQuery table.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINPUT_TABLE\fR
BigQuery table to scan. BigQuery tables are uniquely identified by their
project_id, dataset_id, and table_id in the format
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Privacy analysis metrics. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-categorical\-stat\-field\fR=\fICATEGORICAL_STAT_FIELD\fR
An individual column to compute numerical stats on, including number of distinct
values and value count distribution.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-numerical\-stat\-field\fR=\fINUMERICAL_STAT_FIELD\fR
Individual column to compute numerical stats on. Supported types are integer,
float, date, datetime, timestamp, time.

.TP 2m

l\-diversity analysis options.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quasi\-ids\fR=[\fIQUASI_IDS\fR,...]
A set of quasi\-identifiers indicating how equivalence classes are defined for
the l\-diversity computation. When multiple fields are specified, they are
considered a single composite key. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sensitive\-attribute\fR=\fISENSITIVE_ATTRIBUTE\fR
Sensitive field for computing the l\-diversity value.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-table\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR,...]
Publishes results of a Cloud DLP job to a BigQuery table. BigQuery tables are
uniquely identified by their project_id, dataset_id, and table_id in the format
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR. If no table_id is specified, DLP
will create a new table.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-topics\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]
Publishes the results of a Cloud DLP job to one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

Note: The topic must have given publishing access rights to the DLP API service
account executing the Cloud DLP job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR
Optional job ID to use for the created job. If not provided, a job ID will
automatically be generated. Must be unique within the project. The job ID can
contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens; that is, it must
match the regular expression: \f5[a\-zA\-Z\e\ed\-]+\fR. The maximum length is
100 characters. Can be empty to allow the system to generate one.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdlp/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a job \f5my\-bq\-analysis\fR to analyze records in a BigQuery table
\f5myproject.myds.mytable\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dlp datasources bigquery analyze  \e
    `myproject.myds.mytable` \-\-job\-id my\-ds\-job \e
    \-\-output\-topics my\-topic \-\-numerical\-stat\-field col2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

