
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS_DOCKER_IMAGES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts docker images delete \- delete an Artifact Registry container image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts docker images delete\fR \fIIMAGE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-tags\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A valid container image has the format of

.RS 2m
LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE
.RE

A valid container image that can be referenced by tag or digest, has the format
of

.RS 2m
LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE:tag
LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE@sha256:digest
.RE

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Trying to delete an image by digest when the image is still tagged. Add
\-\-delete\-tags to delete the digest and the tags.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Trying to delete an image by tag when the image has other tags. Add
\-\-delete\-tags to delete all tags.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
A valid repository format was not provided.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The specified image does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete images.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE\fR
A container image.

A valid container image has the format of
LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE

A valid container image that can be referenced by tag or digest, has the format
of LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE:tag
LOCATION\-docker.pkg.dev/PROJECT\-ID/REPOSITORY\-ID/IMAGE@sha256:digest


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-tags\fR
If specified, all tags associated with the image are deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete image \f5busy\-box\fR in \f5us\-west1\fR and all of its digests and
tags:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts docker images delete \e
  us\-west1\-docker.pkg.dev/my\-project/my\-repository/busy\-box
.RE

To delete image digest \f5abcxyz\fR under image \f5busy\-box\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts docker images delete \e
  us\-west1\-docker.pkg.dev/my\-project/my\-repository/\e
busy\-box@sha256:abcxyz
.RE

To delete image digest \f5abcxyz\fR under image \f5busy\-box\fR while there're
other tags associate with the digest:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts docker images delete \e
  us\-west1\-docker.pkg.dev/my\-project/my\-repository/\e
busy\-box@sha256:abcxyz \-\-delete\-tags
.RE

To delete an image digest and its only tag \f5my\-tag\fR under image
\f5busy\-box\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts docker images delete \e
  us\-west1\-docker.pkg.dev/my\-project/my\-repository/busy\-box:my\-tag
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts docker images delete
.RE

