
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ENDPOINTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha endpoints \- create, enable and manage API services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha endpoints\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Google Service Management is an infrastructure service of Google
Cloud Platform that manages other APIs and services, including Google's own
Cloud Platform services and their APIs, and services created using Google Cloud
Endpoints.

More information on Service Management can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/service\-management and detailed documentation can be
found here: https://cloud.google.com/service\-management/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfigs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View configurations for various services.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Operation for various services.

.TP 2m
\fBservices\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Services.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints
$ gcloud beta endpoints
.RE

