
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_BACKUPS_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql backups restore \- restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql backups restore\fR \fIBACKUP_ID\fR \fB\-\-restore\-instance\fR=\fIRESTORE_INSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-instance\fR=\fIBACKUP_INSTANCE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP_ID\fR
The ID of the backup run to restore from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-restore\-instance\fR=\fIRESTORE_INSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID that will be restored.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Do not wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-instance\fR=\fIBACKUP_INSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance that the backup was taken from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql backups restore
$ gcloud beta sql backups restore
.RE

