
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_SINKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging sinks create \- creates a sink



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging sinks create\fR \fISINK_NAME\fR \fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-exclusion\fR=[\fIdescription\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR],[\fIdisabled\fR=\fIDISABLED\fR],[\fIfilter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR]] [\fB\-\-include\-children\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-use\-partitioned\-tables\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-dlp\-deidentify\-template\fR=\fIDLP_DEIDENTIFY_TEMPLATE\fR\ \fB\-\-dlp\-inspect\-template\fR=\fIDLP_INSPECT_TEMPLATE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a sink used to export entries from one or more logs to a
destination. A sink exports all logs that matches \fB\-\-log\-filter\fR flag. An
empty filter matches all logs. The sink's destination can be a Cloud Storage
bucket, a BigQuery dataset, or a Cloud Pub/Sub topic. The destination must
already exist and Stackdriver Logging must have permission to write to it. Log
entries are exported as soon as the sink is created. See
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/export/configure_export_v2#dest\-auth.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISINK_NAME\fR
The name for the sink.

.TP 2m
\fIDESTINATION\fR
The destination for the sink.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-exclusion\fR=[\fIdescription\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR],[\fIdisabled\fR=\fIDISABLED\fR],[\fIfilter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR]
Specify an exclusion filter for a log entry that is not to be exported. This
flag can be repeated.

The \f5name\fR and \f5filter\fR attributes are required. The following keys are
accepted:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
An identifier, such as "load\-balancer\-exclusion". Identifiers are limited to
100 characters and can include only letters, digits, underscores, hyphens, and
periods.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
A description of this exclusion.

.TP 2m
\fBfilter\fR
An advanced log filter that matches the log entries to be excluded.

.TP 2m
\fBdisabled\fR
If this exclusion should be disabled and not exclude the log entries.
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-children\fR
Whether to export logs from all child projects and folders. Only applies to
sinks for organizations and folders.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
A filter expression for the sink. If present, the filter specifies which log
entries to export.

.TP 2m

Settings for sink exporting data to BigQuery.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-partitioned\-tables\fR
If specified, use BigQuery's partitioned tables. By default, Logging creates
dated tables based on the log entries' timestamps, e.g. 'syslog_20170523'.
Partitioned tables remove the suffix and special query syntax
(https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/querying\-partitioned\-tables) must be
used.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Create a sink associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Create a sink associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Create a sink associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Create a sink associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Settings for Cloud DLP enabled sinks.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dlp\-deidentify\-template\fR=\fIDLP_DEIDENTIFY_TEMPLATE\fR
Relative path to a Cloud DLP de\-identification template resource. For example
"projects/my\-project/deidentifyTemplates/my\-template" or
"organizations/my\-org/deidentifyTemplates/my\-template". This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dlp\-inspect\-template\fR=\fIDLP_INSPECT_TEMPLATE\fR
Relative path to a Cloud DLP inspection template resource. For example
"projects/my\-project/inspectTemplates/my\-template" or
"organizations/my\-org/inspectTemplates/my\-template". This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export all Google Compute Engine logs to BigQuery, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging sinks create my\-bq\-sink \e
    bigquery.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/datasets/\e
my_dataset \-\-log\-filter='resource.type="gce_instance"'
.RE

To export "syslog" from App Engine Flexible to Cloud Storage, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging sinks create my\-gcs\-sink \e
    storage.googleapis.com/my\-bucket \e
    \-\-log\-filter='logName="projects/my\-project/appengine.googleapis.\e
com%2Fsyslog"'
.RE

To export Google App Engine logs with ERROR severity, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging sinks create my\-error\-logs \e
    bigquery.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/datasets/\e
my_dataset \-\-log\-filter='resource.type="gae_app" AND severity=ERROR'
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging sinks create
$ gcloud beta logging sinks create
.RE

