
.TH "GCLOUD_CHEAT\-SHEET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud cheat\-sheet \- display gcloud cheat sheet



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud cheat\-sheet\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

A roster of go\-to \f5gcloud\fR commands for the gcloud tool, Google Cloud's
primary command\-line tool.


.SH "Getting started"
Get going with the \f5gcloud\fR command\-line tool

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud init\fR: Initialize, authorize, and configure the \f5gcloud\fR tool.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud version\fR: Display version and installed components.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud components install\fR: Install specific components.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud components update\fR: Update your Cloud SDK to the latest version.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud config set\fR \f5project\fR: Set a default Google Cloud project to
work on.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud info\fR: Display current \f5gcloud\fR tool environment details.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Help"
Cloud SDK is happy to help

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud help\fR: Search the \f5gcloud\fR tool reference documents for specific
terms.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud feedback\fR: Provide feedback for the Cloud SDK team.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud topic\fR: Supplementary help material for non\-command topics like
accessibility, filtering, and formatting.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Personalization"
Make the Cloud SDK your own; personalize your configuration with properties

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud config set\fR: Define a property (like compute/zone) for the current
configuration.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud config get\-value\fR: Fetch value of a Cloud SDK property.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud config list\fR: Display all the properties for the current
configuration.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud config configurations create\fR: Create a new named configuration.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud config configurations list\fR: Display a list of all available
configurations.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud config configurations activate\fR: Switch to an existing named
configuration.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Credentials"
Grant and revoke authorization to Cloud SDK

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud auth login\fR: Authorize Google Cloud access for the \f5gcloud\fR tool
with Google user credentials and set current account as active.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud auth activate\-service\-account\fR: Like \f5gcloud auth login\fR but
with service account credentials.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud auth list\fR: List all credentialed accounts.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud auth print\-access\-token\fR: Display the current account's access
token.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud auth revoke\fR: Remove access credentials for an account.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Projects"
Manage project access policies

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud projects describe\fR: Display metadata for a project (including its
ID).
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR: Add an IAM policy binding to a
specified project.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Identity & Access Management"
Configuring Cloud Identity & Access Management (IAM) preferences and service
accounts

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud iam list\-grantable\-roles\fR: List IAM grantable roles for a
resource.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud iam roles create\fR: Create a custom role for a project or org.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud iam service\-accounts create\fR: Create a service account for a
project.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR: Add an IAM policy
binding to a service account.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud iam service\-accounts set\-iam\-policy\fR: Replace existing IAM policy
binding.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud iam service\-accounts keys list\fR: List a service account's keys.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Docker & Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE)"
Manage containerized applications on Kubernetes

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud auth configure\-docker\fR: Register the \f5gcloud\fR tool as a Docker
credential helper.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud container clusters create\fR: Create a cluster to run GKE containers.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud container clusters list\fR: List clusters for running GKE containers.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud container clusters get\-credentials\fR: Update \f5kubeconfig\fR to get
\f5kubectl\fR to use a GKE cluster.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud container images list\-tags\fR: List tag and digest metadata for a
container image.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Virtual Machines & Compute Engine"
Create, run, and manage VMs on Google infrastructure

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud compute zones list\fR: List Compute Engine zones.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud compute instances describe\fR: Display a VM instance's details.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud compute instances list\fR: List all VM instances in a project.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud compute disks snapshot\fR: Create snapshot of persistent disks.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud compute snapshots describe\fR: Display a snapshot's details.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud compute snapshots delete\fR: Delete a snapshot.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud compute ssh\fR: Connect to a VM instance by using SSH.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Serverless & App Engine"
Build highly scalable applications on a fully managed serverless platform

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud app deploy\fR: Deploy your app's code and configuration to the App
Engine server.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud app versions list\fR: List all versions of all services deployed to
the App Engine server.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud app browse\fR: Open the current app in a web browser.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud app create\fR: Create an App Engine app within your current project.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud app logs read\fR: Display the latest App Engine app logs.
.RE
.sp


.SH "Miscellaneous"
Commands that might come in handy

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud kms decrypt\fR: Decrypt ciphertext (to a plaintext file) using a Cloud
Key Management Service (Cloud KMS) key.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud logging logs list\fR: List your project's logs.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud sql backups describe\fR: Display info about a Cloud SQL instance
backup.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5gcloud sql export sql\fR: Export data from a Cloud SQL instance to a SQL
file.
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view this cheat sheet, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud cheat\-sheet
.RE
