
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_SET\-CLUSTER\-SELECTOR" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-cluster\-selector \- set cluster selector for the workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-cluster\-selector\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-cluster\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set cluster selector for the workflow template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to set cluster selector.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag
[TEMPLATE] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
The ID of the template or a fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud DataProc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

