
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_RULES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules delete \- delete a Compute Engine organization security policy rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules delete\fR \fIPRIORITY\fR \fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules delete\fR is
used to delete organization security policy rule.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of the security policy rule to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name of the security policy into which the rule should be deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization which the organization security policy belongs to. Must be set if
SECURITY_POLICY is display name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a rule with priority ``10" in an organization security policy with ID
``123456789", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules delete delete 10 \e
    \-\-security\-policy=123456789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules delete
.RE

