
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_APIS_DEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy \- deploy an API proxy to an environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy\fR [[\fIREVISION\fR]\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR\ \fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-override\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploy an API proxy to an environment.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy\fR installs an API proxy revision in an
Apigee runtime environment.

By default, the API proxy's base path must not already be in use by a deployed
proxy in the target environment. To allow Apigee to undeploy any conflicting API
proxy as part of the deployment, use the \f5\-\-override\fR command.

Once a particular revision of an API proxy has been deployed, that revision can
no longer be modified. Any updates to the API proxy must be saved as a new
revision.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- API proxy revision to be deployed and environment in which
to deploy it. Revisions can either be a positive revision number, or the special
value \f5\fIlatest\fR\fR, which will deploy the latest revision of the API
proxy. If revision is unspecified, the default is \f5\fIlatest\fR\fR. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIREVISION\fR]
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
API proxy to be deployed. To get a list of available API proxies, run \f5gcloud
alpha apigee apis list\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
Environment in which to deploy the API proxy. To get a list of available
environments, run \f5gcloud alpha apigee environments list\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization of the proxy and environment. If unspecified, the Cloud
Platform project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-override\fR
Force the deployment of the new revision, overriding any currently deployed
revision that would conflict with it.

If an existing API proxy revision is deployed, set this flag to ensure seamless
deployment with zero downtime. In this case, the existing revision remains
deployed until the new revision is fully deployed.

If unset, \f5gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy\fR will fail unless all conflicting
API proxies are first undeployed from the environment. To do this, run \f5gcloud
alpha apigee apis undeploy\fR on the conflicting deployment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deploy the latest revision of the API proxy named \f5\fIdemo\fR\fR to the
\f5\fItest\fR\fR environment, given that the API proxy and environment's
matching Cloud Platform project has been set in gcloud settings, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy \-\-environment=test \-\-api=demo
.RE

To deploy revision 3 of that proxy, owned by an organization named
\f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR, run, and replace any conflicting deployment that might
already exist, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy 3 \-\-organization=my\-org \e
    \-\-environment=test \-\-api=demo \-\-override
.RE

To deploy that proxy and print the resulting deployment as a JSON object, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis deploy 3 \-\-organization=my\-org \e
    \-\-environment=test \-\-api=demo \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee apis deploy
$ gcloud beta apigee apis deploy
.RE

