
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-SETTINGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-settings describe \- show the value of a resource setting



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-settings describe\fR \fISETTING_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-effective\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show the value of a resource setting



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISETTING_NAME\fR
Name of the resource settings. The list of available settings can be found here:


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the resource settings. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-effective\fR
Describe the effective setting.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the resource settings \f5\fIiam\-projectCreatorRoles\fR\fR with the
Project \f5\fIfoo\-project\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-settings describe iam\-projectCreatorRoles \e
    \-\-project=foo\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

