
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_ROOTS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca roots add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a root Certificate Authority



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca roots add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a root Certificate
Authority. One binding consists of a member and a role.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate Authority resource \- The certificate authority for which to add the
IAM policy binding. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [certificate_authority] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR
ID of the Certificate Authority or fully qualified identifier for the
Certificate Authority. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the Certificate Authority.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBprivateca/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/privateca.certificateManager' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on the
CA 'prod\-root' with the location 'us\-west1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca roots add\-iam\-policy\-binding prod\-root \e
  \-\-location='us\-west1' \e
  \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
  \-\-role='roles/privateca.certificateManager'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

