
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCHEDULER_JOBS_CREATE\-APP\-ENGINE\-JOB" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scheduler jobs create\-app\-engine\-job \- create a Cloud Scheduler job with an App Engine target



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scheduler jobs create\-app\-engine\-job\fR \fIJOB\fR \fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-header\fR=\fIHEADER\fR] [\fB\-\-http\-method\fR=\fIHTTP_METHOD\fR;\ default="post"] [\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR;\ default="1h"] [\fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR;\ default=16] [\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-relative\-url\fR=\fIRELATIVE_URL\fR;\ default="/"] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR] [\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR;\ default="Etc/UTC"] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-message\-body\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-message\-body\-from\-file\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Scheduler job with an App Engine target.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The job to create. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [job] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set
the property [core/project]. To set the [location] attribute: provide the flag
[job] on the command line with a fully specified name; as the location of the
current project's App Engine App. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
The ID of the job or a fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR
String, English\-like description of the schedule at which the job should be
run. See
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/config/cronref#schedule_format
for details.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A human\-readable description of the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-header\fR=\fIHEADER\fR
"KEY: VALUE" pair, HTTP header to include in the request. \fBMay be repeated\fR.
Example: \f5\-\-header 'Accept\-Language: en\-us' \-\-header 'Accept:
text/plain'\fR

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-method\fR=\fIHTTP_METHOD\fR; default="post"
HTTP method to use for the request. \fIHTTP_METHOD\fR must be one of:
\fBdelete\fR, \fBget\fR, \fBhead\fR, \fBpost\fR, \fBput\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-attempts\fR=\fIMAX_ATTEMPTS\fR
Int, the number of times to retry the request if it fails or times out. Must be
in range 0\-5 inclusive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-backoff\fR=\fIMAX_BACKOFF\fR; default="1h"
Duration, the maximum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it
fails. Ex. \f510s\fR (default is \f51h\fR).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-doublings\fR=\fIMAX_DOUBLINGS\fR; default=16
Int, the maximum number of times that the interval between failed job retries
will be doubled before the increase becomes constant.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-retry\-duration\fR=\fIMAX_RETRY_DURATION\fR
The time limit for retrying a failed task, measured from when the task was first
run. If specified with \f5\-\-max\-attempts\fR, the task will be retried until
both limits are reached. Default is 0 (which means unlimited)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-backoff\fR=\fIMIN_BACKOFF\fR; default="5s"
Duration, the minimum amount of time to wait before retrying a task after it
fails. Ex. \f510s\fR (default is \f55s\fR).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-relative\-url\fR=\fIRELATIVE_URL\fR; default="/"
String, relative URL to use for the request (beginning with "/").

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
String, ID of the App Engine service to which to send the request.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR; default="Etc/UTC"
String, a time zone name from the tz database
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tz_database).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
String, ID of the App Engine version to which to send the request.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-body\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR
String, a data payload to be included as the body of the HTTP request. May only
be given with compatible HTTP methods (PUT or POST).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-body\-from\-file\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY_FROM_FILE\fR
String, a data payload to be included as the body of the HTTP request. May only
be given with compatible HTTP methods (PUT or POST).


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudscheduler/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/scheduler/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

