
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-services export \- export a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-services export\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports a backend service's configuration to a file. This
configuration can be imported at a later time.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the backend service to export.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported. The exported data
will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag
to write to standard output. A schema describing the export/import format can be
found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/alpha/BackendService.yaml.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the backend service to export. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

A backend service can be exported by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-services export NAME \e
    \-\-destination=<path\-to\-file> \-\-global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services export
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services export
.RE

