
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APIGEE_ORGANIZATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta apigee organizations \- manage Apigee organizations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta apigee organizations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee organizations.

\f5gcloud beta apigee organizations\fR contains commands for managing Apigee
organizations, the highest\-level grouping of Apigee objects. All API proxies,
environments, and so forth each belong to one organization.

Apigee organizations are distinct from Cloud Platform organizations, being more
similar to Cloud Platform projects in scope and purpose.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Apigee organizations and their paired Cloud Platform projects.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all accessible organizations and their associated Cloud Platform
projects, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee organizations list
.RE

To get a JSON array of all organizations whose Cloud Platform project names
contain the word \f5\fIsandbox\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee organizations list \-\-format=json \e
  \-\-filter="project:(sandbox)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee organizations
$ gcloud alpha apigee organizations
.RE

