
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_CHANNELS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring channels update \- update a notification channel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring channels update\fR \fICHANNEL\fR [\fB\-\-channel\-content\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-fields\fR=[\fIfield\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-[no\-]enabled\fR\ \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-update\-channel\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-channel\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-channel\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-update\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-user\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a notification channel.

If \f5\-\-channel\-content\fR or \f5\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR are
specified:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\-\-fields can be specified; only the specified fields will be updated.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Alternatively, the channel will be replaced with the provided channel. The
channel can be modified further using the flags from the notification channel
settings group below.
.RE
.sp

Otherwise, the channel will be updated with the values specified in the flags
from the notification channel settings group.

For information about the JSON/YAML format of a notification channel:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rest/v3/projects/projects.notificationChannels

\fBNote:\fR When specifying the Channel as a YAML/JSON, the use of
\f5channelLabels\fR as an alternative name for \f5labels\fR is supported.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Notification Channel resource \- Name of the Notification Channel to update This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the
property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICHANNEL\fR
The ID of the Notification Channel or a fully qualified identifier for the
Notification Channel.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-channel\-content\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT\fR
The channel\-content as a string. In either JSON or YAML format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR=\fICHANNEL_CONTENT_FROM_FILE\fR
The path to a JSON or YAML file containing the channel\-content.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-fields\fR=[\fIfield\fR,...]
The list of fields to update. Must specify \f5\-\-channel\-content\fR or
\f5\-\-channel\-content\-from\-file\fR if using this flag.

.TP 2m

Notification channel settings

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description for the channel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The display name for the channel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]enabled\fR
Whether notifications are forwarded to the described channel. Use
\fB\-\-enabled\fR to enable and \fB\-\-no\-enabled\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
The type of the notification channel. This field matches the value of the
NotificationChannelDescriptor type field.

.TP 2m

Configuration Fields: Key\-Value pairs that define the channel and its behavior.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-channel\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-channel\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-channel\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-channel\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels update \-\-clear\-channel\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels update \-\-clear\-channel\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-channel\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-channel\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

User Labels

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-user\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-user\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-user\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels update \-\-clear\-user\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels update \-\-clear\-user\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-user\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

