
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ENDPOINTS_SERVICES_UNDELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha endpoints services undelete \- undeletes a service configuration that was previously deleted



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha endpoints services undelete\fR \fISERVICE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Services that are deleted will be retained in the system for 30
days. If a deleted service is still within this retention window, it can be
undeleted with this command.

Note that this means that this command will not be effective for service
configurations marked for deletion more than 30 days ago.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
The name of the service to undelete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To undelete a service named \f5my\-service\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services undelete my\-service
.RE

To run the same command asynchronously (non\-blocking), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services undelete my\-service \-\-async
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services undelete
$ gcloud beta endpoints services undelete
.RE

