
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_ROLES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam roles create \- create a custom role for a project or an organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam roles create\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR (\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-permissions\fR=\fIPERMISSIONS\fR\ \fB\-\-stage\fR=\fISTAGE\fR\ \fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command creates a custom role with the provided information.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the custom role to create. For example: CustomRole. You must also
specify the \f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project of the role you want to create.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The JSON or YAML file with the IAM Role to create. See
https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/projects.roles.

.TP 2m

Roles Settings

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the role you want to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permissions\fR=\fIPERMISSIONS\fR
The permissions of the role you want to create. Use commas to separate them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stage\fR=\fISTAGE\fR
The state of the role you want to create. This represents a role's lifecycle
phase: \f5ALPHA\fR, \f5BETA\fR, \f5GA\fR, \f5DEPRECATED\fR, \f5DISABLED\fR,
\f5EAP\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
The title of the role you want to create.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a custom role \f5\fIProjectUpdater\fR\fR from a YAML file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles create ProjectUpdater \e
    \-\-organization=12345 \-\-file=role_file_path
.RE

To create a custom role \f5\fIProjectUpdater\fR\fR with flags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles create ProjectUpdater \-\-project=myproject \e
    \-\-title=ProjectUpdater \e
    \-\-description="Have access to get and update the project" \e
    \-\-permissions=resourcemanager.projects.get,\e
resourcemanager.projects.update
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles create
$ gcloud beta iam roles create
.RE

