
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-BUCKETS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets update \- update a backend bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets update\fR \fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-cache\-mode\fR=\fICACHE_MODE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-cdn\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-signed\-url\-cache\-max\-age\fR=\fISIGNED_URL_CACHE_MAX_AGE\fR] [\fB\-\-client\-ttl\fR=\fICLIENT_TTL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-client\-ttl\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-response\-header\fR=\fICUSTOM_RESPONSE_HEADER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-custom\-response\-headers\fR] [\fB\-\-default\-ttl\fR=\fIDEFAULT_TTL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-default\-ttl\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-ttl\fR=\fIMAX_TTL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-max\-ttl\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute backend\-buckets update\fR is used to
update backend buckets.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_BUCKET_NAME\fR
Name of the backend bucket to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cache\-mode\fR=\fICACHE_MODE\fR
Specifies the cache setting for all responses from this backend.
\fICACHE_MODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBCACHE_ALL_STATIC\fR
Automatically cache static content, including common image formats, media (video
and audio), web assets (JavaScript and CSS). Requests and responses that are
marked as uncacheable, as well as dynamic content (including HTML), aren't
cached.
.TP 2m
\fBFORCE_CACHE_ALL\fR
Cache all content, ignoring any "private", "no\-store" or "no\-cache" directives
in Cache\-Control response headers. Warning: this may result in Cloud CDN
caching private, per\-user (user identifiable) content. You should only enable
this on backends that are not serving private or dynamic content, such as
storage buckets.
.TP 2m
\fBUSE_ORIGIN_HEADERS\fR
Require the origin to set valid caching headers to cache content. Responses
without these headers aren't cached at Google's edge, and require a full trip to
the origin on every request, potentially impacting performance and increasing
load on the origin server.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend bucket.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]enable\-cdn\fR
Enable Cloud CDN for the backend bucket. Cloud CDN can cache HTTP responses from
a backend bucket at the edge of the network, close to users. Use
\fB\-\-enable\-cdn\fR to enable and \fB\-\-no\-enable\-cdn\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-bucket\-name\fR=\fIGCS_BUCKET_NAME\fR
The name of the Google Cloud Storage bucket to serve from. The storage bucket
must be in the same project.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signed\-url\-cache\-max\-age\fR=\fISIGNED_URL_CACHE_MAX_AGE\fR
The amount of time up to which the response to a signed URL request will be
cached in the CDN. After this time period, the Signed URL will be revalidated
before being served. Cloud CDN will internally act as though all responses from
this backend had a \f5Cache\-Control: public, max\-age=[TTL]\fR header,
regardless of any existing Cache\-Control header. The actual headers served in
responses will not be altered.

For example, specifying \f512h\fR will cause the responses to signed URL
requests to be cached in the CDN up to 12 hours. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

This flag only affects signed URL requests.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-client\-ttl\fR=\fICLIENT_TTL\fR
Specifies a separate client (for example, browser client) TTL, separate from the
TTL for Cloud CDN's edge caches.

This allows you to set a shorter TTL for browsers/clients, and to have those
clients revalidate content against Cloud CDN on a more regular basis, without
requiring revalidation at the origin.

The value of clientTtl cannot be set to a value greater than that of maxTtl, but
can be equal.

Any cacheable response has its max\-age/s\-maxage directives and/or Expires
header adjusted down to the client TTL value if necessary.

The maximum allowed value is 86400s (1 day).

Omit this field to use the value of defaultTtl as the clientTtl.

When creating a new backend with CACHE_ALL_STATIC and the field is unset, or
when switching to that mode and the field is unset, a default value of 3600 is
used.

When the cache mode is set to "USE_ORIGIN_HEADERS", you must omit this field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-client\-ttl\fR
Clears client TTL value.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-response\-header\fR=\fICUSTOM_RESPONSE_HEADER\fR
Custom headers that the external HTTP(S) load balancer adds to proxied
responses. For the list of headers, see Creating custom headers
(https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/custom\-headers).

Variables are not case\-sensitive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-custom\-response\-headers\fR
Remove all custom response headers for the backend bucket.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-ttl\fR=\fIDEFAULT_TTL\fR
Specifies the default TTL for cached content served by this origin for responses
that do not have an existing valid TTL (max\-age or s\-max\-age).

The default value is 3600s for cache modes that allow a default TTL to be
defined.

The value of defaultTtl cannot be set to a value greater than that of maxTtl,
but can be equal.

When the cacheMode is set to FORCE_CACHE_ALL, the defaultTtl overwrites the TTL
set in all responses.

A TTL of "0" means Always revalidate.

The maximum allowed value is 31,622,400s (1 year). Infrequently accessed objects
may be evicted from the cache before the defined TTL.

When creating a new backend with CACHE_ALL_STATIC or FORCE_CACHE_ALL and the
field is unset, or when updating an existing backend to use these modes and the
field is unset, a default value of 3600 is used. When the cache mode is set to
"USE_ORIGIN_HEADERS", you must omit this field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-default\-ttl\fR
Clears default TTL value.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-ttl\fR=\fIMAX_TTL\fR
Specifies the maximum allowed TTL for cached content served by this origin.

The default value is 86400 for cache modes that support a max TTL.

Cache directives that attempt to set a max\-age or s\-maxage higher than this,
or an Expires header more than maxTtl seconds in the future, are capped at the
value of maxTtl, as if it were the value of an s\-maxage Cache\-Control
directive.

A TTL of "0" means Always revalidate.

The maximum allowed value is 31,622,400s (1 year). Infrequently accessed objects
may be evicted from the cache before the defined TTL.

When creating a new backend with CACHE_ALL_STATIC and the field is unset, or
when updating an existing backend to use these modes and the field is unset, a
default value of 86400 is used. When the cache mode is set to
"USE_ORIGIN_HEADERS" or "FORCE_CACHE_ALL", you must omit this field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-max\-ttl\fR
Clears max TTL value.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-buckets update
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-buckets update
.RE

