
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI\-PLATFORM_MODELS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai\-platform models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai\-platform models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from the IAM policy of a ML model.
One binding consists of a member, a role, and an optional condition. See $
gcloud alpha ai\-platform models get\-iam\-policy for examples of how to specify
a model resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Model resource \- The AI Platform model for which to remove IAM policy binding
from. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [model] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
ID of the model or fully qualified identifier for the model.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west4\fR,
\fBus\-central1\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all bindings with this role and member, irrespective of any conditions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

The condition of the binding to be removed. When the condition is explicitly
specified as \f5None\fR (\f5\-\-condition=None\fR), it matches a binding without
a condition. Otherwise, only the binding with a condition which exactly matches
the specified condition (including the optional description) will be removed.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) A short string describing the purpose of the expression.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Additional description for the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on model with identifier 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my_model \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/ml.admin' from all
authenticated users on model 'my_model', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my_model \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/ml.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

