
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_CONNECTION\-PROFILES_CREATE_MYSQL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles create mysql \- create a Database Migration Service connection profile for MySQL



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles create mysql\fR (\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR \fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR \fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR (\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR) [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR] [\fB\-\-ca\-certificate\fR=\fICA_CERTIFICATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\fR\ \fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Database Migration Service connection profile for MySQL.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- The connection profile to create. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [connection_profile]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the connection_profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
IP or hostname of the source MySQL database.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Network port of the source MySQL database.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-username\fR=\fIUSERNAME\fR
Username that Database Migration Service will use to connect to the database.
The value is encrypted when stored in Database Migration Service.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Password for the user that Database Migration Service will be using to connect
to the database. This field is not returned on request, and the value is
encrypted when stored in Database Migration Service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR
Prompt for the password used to connect to the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Friendly name for the connection profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
If the source is a Cloud SQL database, use this field to provide the Cloud SQL
instance ID of the source.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR
Database provider (CLOUDSQL or RDS). \fIPROVIDER\fR must be one of: \fBRDS\fR,
\fBCLOUDSQL\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ca\-certificate\fR=\fICA_CERTIFICATE\fR
x509 PEM\-encoded certificate of the CA that signed the source database server's
certificate. The replica will use this certificate to verify it's connecting to
the right host.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fICERTIFICATE\fR
x509 PEM\-encoded certificate that will be used by the replica to authenticate
against the source database server.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY\fR
Unencrypted PKCS#1 or PKCS#8 PEM\-encoded private key associated with the Client
Certificate.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a connection profile for MySQL:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles create mysql \e
  CONNECTION_PROFILE \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-password=123456 \e
  \-\-username=fakeuser \-\-display\-name=my\-profile \-\-host=1.2.3.4 \e
  \-\-port=1111
.RE

If the source is a Cloud SQL database, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles create mysql \e
  CONNECTION_PROFILE \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-password=123456 \e
  \-\-username=fakeuser \-\-display\-name=my\-profile \-\-host=1.2.3.4 \e
  \-\-port=1111 \-\-instance=my\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

