
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NETWORK\-SERVICES_ENDPOINT\-CONFIG\-SELECTORS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha network\-services endpoint\-config\-selectors delete \- delete endpoint config selector



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha network\-services endpoint\-config\-selectors delete\fR (\fIENDPOINT_CONFIG_SELECTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete the specified endpoint config selector.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Endpoint config selector resource \- Name of the endpoint config selector you
want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [endpoint_config_selector] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENDPOINT_CONFIG_SELECTOR\fR
ID of the endpoint config selector or fully qualified identifier for the
endpoint config selector. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location Id.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworkservices/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/networking



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

