
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_DATASETS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare datasets update \- update a Cloud Healthcare API dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare datasets update\fR (\fIDATASET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dataset resource \- Cloud Healthcare API dataset you want to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dataset] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATASET\fR
ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR
Default timezone used by this dataset.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the dataset 'test\-dataset', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare datasets update test\-dataset \e
    \-\-time\-zone=PDT
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare datasets update
.RE

