
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies describe \- describe an Organization Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies describe\fR \fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR [\fB\-\-effective\fR] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describes an Organization Policy associated with the specified
resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIORG_POLICY_ID\fR
The Org Policy constraint name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-effective\fR
Show the effective policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID for Org Policies.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID for Org Policies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command retrieves an Organization Policy for constraint
\f5serviceuser.services\fR on project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies describe \e
    serviceuser.services \-\-project=foo\-project
.RE

The following command retrieves the effective Organization Policy for constraint
\f5serviceuser.services\fR on project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies describe \e
    serviceuser.services \-\-project=foo\-project \-\-effective
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies describe
.RE

