
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_KEYS_GET\-PUBLIC\-KEY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys get\-public\-key \- get the public key for a service account key pair



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys get\-public\-key\fR \fIKEY\-ID\fR \fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR \fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR;\ default="pem"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the public key for a service account key pair in pem or raw
format.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\-ID\fR
The key to get.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-iam\-account\fR=\fIIAM_ACCOUNT\fR
A textual name to display for the account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-file\fR=\fIOUTPUT_FILE\fR
The output file to write the public key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR; default="pem"
The type of the public key to get. \fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBpem\fR,
\fBraw\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the public key for some key ID for some service account (to validate a
blob or JWT signature, for example), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys get\-public\-key keyid \e
    \-\-output\-file key\-file \-\-iam\-account my\-iam\-account@ab.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts keys get\-public\-key
.RE

