
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_CREATE_HTTP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute health\-checks create http \- create a HTTP health check to monitor load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute health\-checks create http\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default=2] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR;\ default="NONE"] [\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR;\ default="/"] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="5s"] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR;\ default=2] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR;\ default=80\ \fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-use\-serving\-port\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute health\-checks create http\fR is used to create a non\-legacy
health check using the HTTP protocol. You can use this health check for Google
Cloud Platform load balancers or for managed instance group autohealing. For
more information, see the health checks overview at:
https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/health\-check\-concepts



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the HTTP health check to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR; default="5s"
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. The default value is
\f5\fI5s\fR\fR. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional string description for the HTTP health check.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default=2
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy. The default is 2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
The value of the host header used in this HTTP health check request. The host
header is empty by default. When empty, the health check sets the host header to
the IP address of the backend VM or endpoint.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-proxy\-header\fR=\fIPROXY_HEADER\fR; default="NONE"
The type of proxy protocol header to be sent to the backend. \fIPROXY_HEADER\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNONE\fR
No proxy header is added.
.TP 2m
\fBPROXY_V1\fR
Adds the header "PROXY UNKNOWN\er\en".
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-path\fR=\fIREQUEST_PATH\fR; default="/"
The request path that this health check monitors. For example,
\f5\fI/healthcheck\fR\fR. The default value is ``/''.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
When empty, status code of the response determines health. When not empty,
presence of specified string in first 1024 characters of response body
determines health. Only ASCII characters allowed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="5s"
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. The
default value is \f5\fI5s\fR\fR. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR; default=2
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy. The default is 2.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the HTTP health check is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the HTTP health check to create. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags configure the port that the health check monitors. If none is
specified, the default port of 80 is used. If both \f5\-\-port\fR and
\f5\-\-port\-name\fR are specified, \f5\-\-port\fR takes precedence.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR; default=80
The TCP port number that this health check monitors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-serving\-port\fR
If given, use the "serving port" for health checks:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
When health checking network endpoints in a Network Endpoint Group, use the port
specified with each endpoint.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
When health checking other backends, use the port or named port of the backend
service.
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute health\-checks create http
$ gcloud beta compute health\-checks create http
.RE

