
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EVENTARC_TRIGGERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta eventarc triggers create \- create an Eventarc trigger



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta eventarc triggers create\fR (\fITRIGGER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-destination\-run\-service\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RUN_SERVICE\fR \fB\-\-matching\-criteria\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...] \fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-destination\-run\-path\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RUN_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-destination\-run\-region\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RUN_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create an Eventarc trigger.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Trigger resource \- The trigger to create. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [trigger] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITRIGGER\fR
ID of the trigger or fully qualified identifier for the trigger. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location for the Eventarc trigger, which should be either \f5\fIglobal\fR\fR
or one of the supported regions. Alternatively, set the [eventarc/location]
property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-run\-service\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RUN_SERVICE\fR
The name of the Cloud Run fully\-managed service that receives the events for
the trigger. The service must be in the same project as the trigger.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-matching\-criteria\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The criteria by which events are filtered for the trigger, specified as a
comma\-separated list of CloudEvents attribute names and values. This flag can
also be repeated to add more criteria to the list. Only events that match with
this criteria will be sent to the destination. The criteria must include the
\f5\fItype\fR\fR attribute, as well as any other attributes that are expected
for the chosen type.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service account resource \- The IAM service account associated with the trigger,
specified with an email address or a uniqueId. Unless a full resource name is
provided, the service account is assumed to be in the same project as the
trigger. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-service\-account] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
ID of the service account or fully qualified identifier for the service account.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-run\-path\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RUN_PATH\fR
The relative path on the destination Cloud Run service to which the events for
the trigger should be sent. Examples: \f5\fI/route\fR\fR, \f5\fIroute\fR\fR,
\f5\fIroute/subroute\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-run\-region\fR=\fIDESTINATION_RUN_REGION\fR
The region in which the destination Cloud Run service can be found. If not
specified, it is assumed that the service is in the same region as the trigger.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new trigger \f5\fImy\-trigger\fR\fR for events of type
\f5\fIgoogle.cloud.pubsub.topic.v1.messagePublished\fR\fR with destination Cloud
Run service \f5\fImy\-service\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta eventarc triggers create my\-trigger \e
     \-\-matching\-criteria="type=google.cloud.pubsub.topic.v1.messagePu\e
 blished" \-\-destination\-run\-service=my\-service
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

