
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot registries credentials delete \- delete a credential from a registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot registries credentials delete\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a credential from a registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry from which to delete credentials. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-registry]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the first credential from a registry, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot registries credentials delete \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-registry=my\-registry 0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials delete
$ gcloud beta iot registries credentials delete
.RE

