
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_CLUSTERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable clusters update \- update a Bigtable cluster's number of nodes



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable clusters update\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Bigtable cluster's number of nodes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- The cluster to update. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the flag [cluster] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
The ID of the cluster or a fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Bigtable instance for the cluster.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-nodes\fR=\fINUM_NODES\fR
Number of nodes to serve.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable clusters update
.RE

