
.TH "GCLOUD_TOPIC_FILTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud topic filters \- resource filters supplementary help



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Most \fBgcloud\fR commands return a list of resources on success. By default
they are pretty\-printed on the standard output. The
\fB\-\-format=\fR\fINAME\fR[\fIATTRIBUTES\fR]\fB(\fR\fIPROJECTION\fR\fB)\fR and
\fB\-\-filter=\fR\fIEXPRESSION\fR flags along with projections can be used to
format and change the default output to a more meaningful result.

To change the default output format of a command, use the \-\-format flag. For
details run $ gcloud topic formats.

To select resources to be listed, use the \-\-filter flag. Resource filters are
described in detail below.

To reach resource items through a unique path of names from the root, use
resource\-keys. For details run $ gcloud topic resource\-keys.

To list a subset of resource keys in a resource, use projections. For details
run $ gcloud topic projections.

To work through an interactive tutorial about using the filter and format flags
instead, see:
https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud\-shell\-tutorials&page=editor&tutorial=cloudsdk/tutorial.md



.SH "Filter Expressions"

A filter expression is a Boolean function that selects the resources to print
from a list of resources. Expressions are composed of terms connected by logic
operators.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBLogicOperator\fR
Expressions containing both \fBAND\fR and \fBOR\fR must be parenthesized to
disambiguate precedence.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNOT\fR \fIterm\-1\fR
True if \fIterm\-1\fR is False, otherwise False.

.TP 2m
\fIterm\-1\fR \fBAND\fR \fIterm\-2\fR
True if both \fIterm\-1\fR and \fIterm\-2\fR are true.

.TP 2m
\fIterm\-1\fR \fBOR\fR \fIterm\-2\fR
True if at least one of \fIterm\-1\fR or \fIterm\-2\fR is true.

.TP 2m
\fIterm\-1\fR \fIterm\-2\fR
Term conjunction (implicit \fBAND\fR) is True if both \fIterm\-1\fR and
\fIterm\-2\fR are true. Conjunction has lower precedence than \fBOR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBTerms\fR
A term is a \fIkey\fR \fIoperator\fR \fIvalue\fR tuple, where \fIkey\fR is a
dotted name that evaluates to the value of a resource attribute, and \fIvalue\fR
may be:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnumber\fR
integer or floating point numeric constant
.TP 2m
\fBunquoted literal\fR
character sequence terminated by space, ( or )
.TP 2m
\fBquoted literal\fR
\fI"..."\fR or \fI'...'\fR Most filter expressions need to be quoted in shell
commands. If you use \fI'...'\fR shell quotes then use \fI"..."\fR filter string
literal quotes and vice versa.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBOperator Terms\fR
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB:\fR \fIsimple\-pattern\fR
\fB:\fR operator evaluation is changing for consistency across Google APIs. The
current default is deprecated and will be dropped shortly. A warning will be
displayed when a \-\-filter expression would return different matches using both
the deprecated and new implementations.

The current deprecated default is True if \fIkey\fR contains
\fIsimple\-pattern\fR. The match is case insensitive. It allows one \f5*\fR that
matches any sequence of 0 or more characters. If \f5*\fR is specified then the
match is anchored, meaning all characters from the beginning and end of the
value must match.

The new implementation is True if \fIsimple\-pattern\fR matches any \fIword\fR
in \fIkey\fR. Words are locale specific but typically consist of alpha\-numeric
characters. Non\-word characters that do not appear in \fIsimple\-pattern\fR are
ignored. The matching is anchored and case insensitive. An optional trailing
\f5*\fR does a word prefix match.

Use \fIkey\fR\f5:*\fR to test if \fIkey\fR is defined and
\f5\-\fR\fIkey\fR\f5:*\fR to test if \fIkey\fR is undefined.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB:(\fR \fIsimple\-pattern\fR ... \fB)\fR
True if \fIkey\fR matches any \fIsimple\-pattern\fR in the (space, tab, newline,
comma) separated list.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is equal to \fIvalue\fR. Equivalent to \fB:\fR, with the
exception that the trailing \f5*\fR prefix match is not supported.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB=(\fR \fIvalue\fR ... \fB)\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is equal to any \fIvalue\fR in the (space, tab, newline,
\fB,\fR) separated list.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB!=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is not \fIvalue\fR. Equivalent to \-\fIkey\fR=\fIvalue\fR and
NOT \fIkey\fR=\fIvalue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB<\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is less than \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and \fIvalue\fR
are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic string
comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB<=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is less than or equal to \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and
\fIvalue\fR are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic
string comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB>=\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is greater than or equal to \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and
\fIvalue\fR are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic
string comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB>\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR is greater than \fIvalue\fR. If both \fIkey\fR and \fIvalue\fR
are numeric then numeric comparison is used, otherwise lexicographic string
comparison is used.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB~\fR \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR matches the RE (regular expression) pattern \fIvalue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fIkey\fR \fB!\fR~ \fIvalue\fR
True if \fIkey\fR does not match the RE (regular expression) pattern
\fIvalue\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all instances resources:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list
.RE

List instances resources that have machineType \fBf1\-micro\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='machineType:f1\-micro'
.RE

List resources with zone prefix \fBus\fR and not MachineType \fBf1\-micro\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-filter='zone ~ ^us AND \-machineType:f1\-micro'
.RE

List resources with tag \fBmy\-tag\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags.items=my\-tag'
.RE

List resources with tag \fBmy\-tag\fR or \fBmy\-other\-tag\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-filter='tags.items=(my\-tag,my\-other\-tag)'
.RE

List resources with tag \fBmy\-tag\fR and \fBmy\-other\-tag\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-filter='tags.items=my\-tag AND tags.items=my\-other\-tag'
.RE

List resources which either have tag \fBmy\-tag\fR but not \fBmy\-other\-tag\fR
or have tag \fBalternative\-tag\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-filter='(tags.items=my\-tag AND \-tags.items=my\-other\-tag) OR
 tags.items=alternative\-tag'
.RE

List resources with label \fBmy\-label\fR with any value:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='labels.my\-label:*'
.RE

List in JSON format those projects where the labels match specific values (e.g.
label.env is 'test' and label.version is alpha):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects list \-\-format="json" \e
    \-\-filter="labels.env=test AND labels.version=alpha"
.RE

List projects that were created on and after a specific date:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects list \e
    \-\-format="table(projectNumber,projectId,createTime)" \e
    \-\-filter="createTime>=2018\-01\-15"
.RE

List projects that were created on and after a specific date and time and sort
from oldest to newest (with dates and times listed according to the local
timezone):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects list \e
    \-\-format="table(projectNumber,projectId,createTime.date(tz=LOCAL\e
))" \-\-filter="createTime>=2018\-01\-15T12:00:00" \-\-sort\-by=createTime
.RE

List projects that were created within the last two weeks, using ISO8601
durations:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects list \e
    \-\-format="table(projectNumber,projectId,createTime)" \e
    \-\-filter="createTime>\-P2W"
.RE

For more about ISO8601 durations, see: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601


This table shows : operator pattern matching:


.TS
tab(,);
lB lB
l l.
PATTERN,VALUE,MATCHES,DEPRECATED_MATCHES
abc\f5*\fR,abcpdqxyz,True,True
abc,abcpdqxyz,False,True
pdq\f5*\fR,abcpdqxyz,False,False
pdq,abcpdqxyz,False,True
xyz\f5*\fR,abcpdqxyz,False,False
xyz,abcpdqxyz,False,True
\f5*\fR,abcpdqxyz,True,True
\f5*\fR,<None>,False,False
\f5*\fR,<''>,False,False
\f5*\fR,<otherwise>,True,True
abc\f5*\fR,abc.pdq.xyz,True,True
abc,abc.pdq.xyz,True,True
abc.pdq,abc.pdq.xyz,True,True
pdq\f5*\fR,abc.pdq.xyz,True,False
pdq,abc.pdq.xyz,True,True
pdq.xyz,abc.pdq.xyz,True,True
xyz\f5*\fR,abc.pdq.xyz,True,False
xyz,abc.pdq.xyz,True,True
.TE
