
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTP\-PROXIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies \- list, create, and delete target HTTP proxies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

For more information about target HTTP proxies, see the target HTTP proxies
documentation (https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/target\-proxies).

See also: Target HTTP proxies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/targetHttpProxies) and
Regional target HTTP proxies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionTargetHttpProxies).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete target HTTP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display detailed information about a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Export a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Import a target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine target HTTP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a target HTTP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies
.RE

