
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics operations list \- list Genomics operations in a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics operations list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-where\fR=\fIWHERE\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Prints a table with summary information on operations in the
project.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR
A string for filtering operations created with the v2alpha1 API. In addition to
typical operators (AND, OR, =, >, etc.) the following filter fields are
supported:

.RS 2m
metadata.createTime \- The time the operation was created as a
                      timestamp YYYY\-MM\-DD HH:MM:SS<time zone>.  T can
                      also be used as a separator between the date and
                      time.  The time zone is optional and can be
                      specified as an offset from UTC, a name, or 'Z'
                      for UTC. Run $ gcloud topic datetimes
                      to see more examples.
                          2018\-02\-15T16:53:38
                          2018\-02\-15 16:53:38\-5:00
                          2018\-02\-15T16:53:38Z
                          2018\-02\-15 16:53:38 America/Los_Angeles
               done \- A boolean for whether the operation has
                      completed.
         error.code \- A google.rpc.Code for a completed operation.
    metadata.events \- A set of strings for all events on the
                      operation.
                          events:WorkerStartedEvent
    metadata.labels \- A map of string key and value for the operation.
                          labels.key = value
                          labels."key with space" = "value with space"
                      For the existence of a key with any value.
                          labels.key:*
Run "$ gcloud topic filters" for more information.
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-where\fR=\fIWHERE\fR
A string for filtering operations created with the v1alpha2 API. The following
filter fields are supported:

.RS 2m
createTime \- The time this job was created, in seconds from the
             epoch. Can use '>=' and/or '<=' operators.
status     \- Can be 'RUNNING', 'SUCCESS', 'FAILURE' or 'CANCELED'.
             Only one status may be specified.
labels.key \- 'key' is a label key to match against a target value.
.RE

Example:

.RS 2m
'createTime >= 1432140000 AND
 createTime <= 1432150000 AND
 labels.batch = test AND
 status = RUNNING'
.RE

To calculate the timestamp as seconds from the epoch, on UNIX\-like systems
(e.g.: Linux, Mac) use the 'date' command:

.RS 2m
$ date \-\-date '20150701' '+%s'
.RE

.RS 2m
1435734000
.RE

or with Python (e.g.: Linux, Mac, Windows):

.RS 2m
$ python \e
    \-c \e
    'from time import mktime, strptime; print
 int(mktime(strptime("01 July 2015", "%d %B %Y")))'
.RE

.RS 2m
1435734000
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

