
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_ADD\-SIGNED\-URL\-KEY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-services add\-signed\-url\-key \- add Cloud CDN Signed URL key to a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-services add\-signed\-url\-key\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR \fB\-\-key\-name\fR=\fIKEY_NAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute backend\-services add\-signed\-url\-key\fR
is used to add a new Cloud CDN Signed URL key to a backend service.

Cloud CDN Signed URLs give you a way to serve responses from the globally
distributed CDN cache, even if the request needs to be authorized.

Signed URLs are a mechanism to temporarily give a client access to a private
resource without requiring additional authorization. To achieve this, the full
request URL that should be allowed is hashed and cryptographically signed. By
using the signed URL you give it, that one request will be considered authorized
to receive the requested content.

Generally, a signed URL can be used by anyone who has it. However, it is usually
only intended to be used by the client that was directly given the URL. To
mitigate this, they expire at a time chosen by the issuer. To minimize the risk
of a signed URL being shared, we recommend that you set it to expire as soon as
possible.

A 128\-bit secret key is used for signing the URLs.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
The file containing the RFC 4648 Section 5 base64url encoded 128\-bit secret key
for Cloud CDN Signed URL. It is vital that the key is strongly random. One way
to generate such a key is with the following command:

.RS 2m
head \-c 16 /dev/random | base64 | tr +/ \-_ > [KEY_FILE_NAME]
.RE


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-name\fR=\fIKEY_NAME\fR
Name of the Cloud CDN Signed URL key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services add\-signed\-url\-key
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services add\-signed\-url\-key
.RE

