
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_TABLES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables \- query Cloud Bigtable tables



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Query Cloud Bigtable tables.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Bigtable table.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieves information about a table.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable table.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing Bigtable instance tables.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Bigtable table.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set an IAM policy on a Cloud Bigtable table.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances tables
$ gcloud beta bigtable instances tables
.RE

