
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups update \- update a group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups update\fR \fIEMAIL\fR [\fB\-\-clear\-description\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-display\-name\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIEMAIL\fR
The email address of the group to be updated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-description\fR
Clear existing description on group being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Replace existing description on group being updated.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-display\-name\fR
Clear existing display name on group being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Replace existing display name on group being updated.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups update eng\-discuss@foo.com  \e
    \-\-display\-name="New Engineer Discuss"  \e
    \-\-description="Group for engineering discussions"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups update
.RE

