
.TH "GCLOUD_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove an IAM policy binding from a policy tag taxonomy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fITAXONOMY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Remove an IAM policy binding from a policy tag taxonomy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Taxonomy resource \- Policy tag taxonomy from which to remove the IAM policy
binding. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[taxonomy] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAXONOMY\fR
ID of the taxonomy or fully qualified identifier for the taxonomy. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the taxonomy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on taxonomy 'TAXONOMY' in location 'LOCATION', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    TAXONOMY \-\-location='LOCATION' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' from all
authenticated users on taxonomy 'TAXONOMY' in location 'LOCATION', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog taxonomies remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    TAXONOMY \-\-location='LOCATION' \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

