
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_DEPLOYMENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments delete \- delete a deployment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments delete\fR \fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR [\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR;\ default="delete"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command deletes a deployment and deletes all associated
resources.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR [\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR ...]
Deployment name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR; default="delete"
Delete policy for resources that will change as part of an update or delete.
\f5delete\fR deletes the resource while \f5abandon\fR just removes the resource
reference from the deployment. \fIDELETE_POLICY\fR must be one of:
\fBabandon\fR, \fBdelete\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a deployment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments delete my\-deployment
.RE

To issue a delete command without waiting for the operation to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments delete my\-deployment \e
    \-\-async
.RE

To delete several deployments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments delete \e
    my\-deployment\-one my\-deployment\-two my\-deployment\-three
.RE

To disable the confirmation prompt on delete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments delete my\-deployment \-q
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments delete
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments delete
.RE

