
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine node group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fINODE_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Sets the IAM policy for the given node group as defined in a JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Node group resource \- The node group to set the IAM policy for. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [node_group] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINODE_GROUP\fR
ID of the node_group or fully qualified identifier for the node_group. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the node group \f5my\-node\-group\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups set\-iam\-policy \e
    my\-node\-group \-\-zone=ZONE policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups set\-iam\-policy
.RE

