
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_USERS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql users delete \- deletes a Cloud SQL user in a given instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql users delete\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Cloud SQL user in a given instance specified by username
and host.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUSERNAME\fR
Cloud SQL username.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
Cloud SQL user's host name expressed as a specific IP address or address range.
\f5%\fR denotes an unrestricted host name. Applicable flag for MySQL instances;
ignored for PostgreSQL instances. Note, if you connect to your instance using IP
addresses, you must add your client IP address as an Authorized Address, even if
your host name is unrestricted. For help on how to do so, read:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/configure\-ip


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql users delete
$ gcloud beta sql users delete
.RE

