
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_LOCAL_PREDICT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine local predict \- run prediction locally



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine local predict\fR \fB\-\-model\-dir\fR=\fIMODEL_DIR\fR (\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR) [\fB\-\-framework\fR=\fIFRAMEWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-signature\-name\fR=\fISIGNATURE_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha ml\-engine local predict\fR performs prediction
locally with the given instances. It requires the TensorFlow SDK be installed
locally. The output format mirrors \f5gcloud ai\-platform predict\fR (online
prediction).

You cannot use this command with custom prediction routines.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-dir\fR=\fIMODEL_DIR\fR
Path to the model.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in JSON
format; newline delimited.

An example of the JSON instances file:

.RS 2m
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 3}
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 2}
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in UTF\-8
encoded text format; newline delimited.

An example of the text instances file:

.RS 2m
107,4.9,2.5,4.5,1.7
100,5.7,2.8,4.1,1.3
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-framework\fR=\fIFRAMEWORK\fR
The ML framework used to train this version of the model. If not specified,
defaults to 'tensorflow'. \fIFRAMEWORK\fR must be one of: \fBscikit\-learn\fR,
\fBtensorflow\fR, \fBxgboost\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signature\-name\fR=\fISIGNATURE_NAME\fR
The name of the signature defined in the SavedModel to use for this job.
Defaults to DEFAULT_SERVING_SIGNATURE_DEF_KEY in
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/saved_model/signature_constants,
which is "serving_default". Only applies to TensorFlow models.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine local predict
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine local predict
.RE

