
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECOMMENDER_RECOMMENDATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recommender recommendations \- manage Cloud resource recommendations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recommender recommendations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud resource recommendations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a recommendation for a Cloud project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists recommendations for a Cloud project.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-active\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark a recommendation's state as ACTIVE. Can only be performed on
a recommendation in DISMISSED state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-claimed\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark the Recommendation State as CLAIMED. Can only be performed on
recommendations in CLAIMED or ACTIVE state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-dismissed\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark the Recommendation State as DISMISSED. Can only be performed
on recommendations in ACTIVE state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-failed\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark a recommendation's state as FAILED. mark\-failed can be
applied to recommendations in ACTIVE, CLAIMED, SUCCEEDED, or FAILED state.

.TP 2m
\fBmark\-succeeded\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark a recommendation's state as SUCCEEDED. mark\-succeeded can be
applied to recommendations in ACTIVE, CLAIMED, SUCCEEDED, or FAILED state.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud recommender recommendations
$ gcloud beta recommender recommendations
.RE

