
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Spanner instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR] \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Spanner instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The Cloud Spanner instance to remove the IAM policy binding
from. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the flag [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [spanner/instance] with a fully specified name;
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIINSTANCE\fR]
The ID of the instance or a fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

