
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_WEB_ENABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap web enable \- enable Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud\ IAP) on an IAP resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap web enable\fR [\fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-id\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_ID\fR\ \fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-secret\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET\fR] [\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command enables Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy on an IAP
resource. OAuth 2.0 credentials must be set, or must have been previously set,
to enable IAP.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-id\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_ID\fR
OAuth 2.0 client ID to use.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-secret\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET\fR
OAuth 2.0 client secret to use.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR
Resource type of the IAP resource. \fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBapp\-engine\fR, \fBbackend\-services\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Service name. Required with \f5\-\-resource\-type=backend\-services\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable IAP on an App Engine application, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web enable \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine
    \-\-oauth2\-client\-id=CLIENT_ID \-\-oauth2\-client\-secret=SECRET
.RE

To enable IAP on a backend service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web enable \-\-resource\-type=backend\-service
    \-\-oauth2\-client\-id=CLIENT_ID \-\-oauth2\-client\-secret=SECRET
    \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iap web enable
$ gcloud beta iap web enable
.RE

