
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS_DEDICATED_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated update \- update a Compute Engine dedicated interconnect attachment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-bandwidth\fR=\fIBANDWIDTH\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR] [\fB\-\-mtu\fR=\fIMTU\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated
update\fR is used to update interconnect attachments. An interconnect attachment
is what binds the underlying connectivity of an interconnect to a path into and
out of the customer's cloud network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect attachment to patch.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bandwidth\fR=\fIBANDWIDTH\fR
Provisioned capacity of the attachment. \fIBANDWIDTH\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB50m\fR
50 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB100m\fR
100 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB200m\fR
200 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB300m\fR
300 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB400m\fR
400 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB500m\fR
500 Mbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB1g\fR
1 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB2g\fR
2 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB5g\fR
5 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB10g\fR
10 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB20g\fR
20 Gbit/s
.TP 2m
\fB50g\fR
50 Gbit/s
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Human\-readable plain\-text description of attachment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect attachment. When this is enabled, the
attachment is operational and will carry traffic. Use \-\-no\-enable\-admin to
disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mtu\fR=\fIMTU\fR
Maximum transmission unit(MTU) is the size of the largest frame passing through
this interconnect attachment. Only 1440 and 1500 are allowed. If not specified,
the value will default to 1440.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the interconnect attachment to patch. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments dedicated update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments dedicated update
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments dedicated update
.RE

