
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_INSTANCES_CLONE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql instances clone \- clones a Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql instances clone\fR \fISOURCE\fR \fIDESTINATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-point\-in\-time\fR=\fIPOINT_IN_TIME\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha sql instances clone\fR creates a clone of a Cloud
SQL instance. The clone is an independent copy of the source instance with the
same data and settings. Source and destination instances must be in the same
project. An instance can be cloned from its current state, or from an earlier
point in time.

For MySQL: The binary log coordinates, if specified, act as the point in time
the source instance is cloned from. If not specified, the current state of the
instance is cloned.

For PostgreSQL: The point in time, if specified, defines a past state of the
instance to clone. If not specified, the current state of the instance is
cloned.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISOURCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID of the source.

.TP 2m
\fIDESTINATION\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID of the clone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-point\-in\-time\fR=\fIPOINT_IN_TIME\fR
Represents the state of an instance at any given point in time inside a
write\-ahead log file. Enable point\-in\-time recovery on the source instance to
create a write\-ahead log file. Uses RFC 3339 format in UTC timezone. If
specified, defines a past state of the instance to clone. For example,
\'2012\-11\-15T16:19:00.094Z'.

.TP 2m

Binary log coordinates for point\-in\-time recovery.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_FILE_NAME\fR
The name of the binary log file. Enable point\-in\-time recovery on the source
instance to create a binary log file. If specified with <\-\-bin\-log\-position>
to form a valid binary log coordinate, it defines an earlier point in time to
clone a source instance from. For example, mysql\-bin.000001. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bin\-log\-position\fR=\fIBIN_LOG_POSITION\fR
Represents the state of an instance at any given point in time inside a binary
log file. If specified along with <\-\-bin\-log\-file\-name> to form a valid
binary log coordinate, it defines an earlier point in time to clone a source
instance from. For example, 123 (a numeric value). This flag must be specified
if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To clone an instance from its current state (most recent binary log
coordinates):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql instances clone instance\-foo instance\-bar
.RE

To clone a MySQL instance from an earlier point in time (past binary log
coordinates):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql instances clone instance\-foo instance\-bar \e
    \-\-bin\-log\-file\-name mysql\-bin.000020 \-\-bin\-log\-position 170
.RE

To clone a PostgreSQL source instance at a specific point in time:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql instances clone instance\-foo instance\-bar \e
    \-\-point\-in\-time '2012\-11\-15T16:19:00.094Z'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances clone
$ gcloud beta sql instances clone
.RE

