
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner operations list \- list the Cloud Spanner operations on the given instance or database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner operations list\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-backup\fR=\fIBACKUP\fR] [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List the Cloud Spanner operations on the given instance or
database.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The ID of the instance the operations are executing on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\fR=\fIBACKUP\fR
For backup operations, the name of the backup the operations are executing on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR
For database operations, the name of the database the operations are executing
on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
(optional) List only the operations of the given type. \fITYPE\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBBACKUP\fR
If only the instance is specified (\-\-instance), returns all backup operations
associated with backups in the instance. When a backup is specified
(\-\-backup), only the backup operations for the given backup are returned.
.TP 2m
\fBDATABASE\fR
If only the instance is specified (\-\-instance), returns all database
operations associated with the databases in the instance. When a database is
specified (\-\-database), the command would return database operations for the
given database.
.TP 2m
\fBDATABASE_CREATE\fR
Database create operations are returned for all databases in the given instance
(\-\-instance only) or only those associated with the given database
(\-\-database)
.TP 2m
\fBDATABASE_RESTORE\fR
Database restore operations are returned for all databases in the given instance
(\-\-instance only) or only those associated with the given database
(\-\-database)
.TP 2m
\fBDATABASE_UPDATE_DDL\fR
Database update DDL operations are returned for all databases in the given
instance (\-\-instance only) or only those associated with the given database
(\-\-database)
.TP 2m
\fBINSTANCE\fR
Returns instance operations for the given instance. Note, type=INSTANCE does not
work with \-\-database or \-\-backup.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list Cloud Spanner instance operations for an instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner operations list \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-type=INSTANCE
.RE

To list Cloud Spanner backup operations for an instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner operations list \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-type=BACKUP
.RE

To list Cloud Spanner database operations for an instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner operations list \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-type=DATABASE
.RE

To list Cloud Spanner database operations for a database, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner operations list \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-database=my\-database\-id \-\-type=DATABASE
.RE

To list Cloud Spanner backup operations for a database, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner operations list \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-database=my\-database\-id \-\-type=BACKUP
.RE

To list Cloud Spanner backup operations for a backup, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner operations list \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-backup=my\-backup\-id \-\-type=BACKUP
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner operations list
$ gcloud alpha spanner operations list
.RE

