
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_TASKS_QUEUES_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha tasks queues remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a queue



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha tasks queues remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIQUEUE\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a queue's access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIQUEUE\fR
The queue to remove the IAM policy binding from.



.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/cloudtasks.queueAdmin' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on queue with
identifier 'my\-queue'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha tasks queues remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-queue \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/cloudtasks.queueAdmin'
.RE

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/cloudtasks.queueAdmin' from all authenticated users on queue
\'my\-queue':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha tasks queues remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-queue \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/cloudtasks.queueAdmin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta tasks queues remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

