
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_ROLLING\-ACTION_REPLACE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action replace \- replaces instances in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action replace\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes the existing instance and creates a new instance from the
target template. The Updater creates a brand new instance with all new instance
properties, such as new internal and external IP addresses.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR
Maximum additional number of instances that can be created during the update
process. This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the
managed instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR
Maximum number of instances that can be unavailable during the update process.
This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the managed
instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-ready\fR=\fIMIN_READY\fR
Minimum time for which a newly created instance should be ready to be considered
available. For example \f510s\fR for 10 seconds. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
may be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action replace
.RE

