
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_SETTINGS_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc settings services \- manage Cloud SCC services settings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc settings services\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud SCC services settings.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmodules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud SCC modules settings.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display effective service settings of Security Command
Center(SCC).

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\-explicit\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display component settings of Security Command Center(SCC).

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disable a service in Security Command Center(SCC).

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable a service in Security Command Center(SCC).


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

