
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-templates \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine instances templates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-templates\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Lists, creates, deletes, and modifies Compute Engine instance templates.

More information on Compute Engine instance templates can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instance\-templates



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a Compute Engine virtual machine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-with\-container\fR
Creates Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance template running Docker
images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance templates.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a virtual machine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine instance templates.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine instance template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine instance template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-templates
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-templates
.RE

