
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a service
account, given an IAM_ACCOUNT and the binding.

When managing IAM roles, you can treat a service account either as a resource or
as an identity. This command is to add iam policy bindings to a service account
resource. There are other gcloud commands to manage IAM policies for other types
of resources. For example, to manage IAM policies on a project, use the \f5$
gcloud projects\fR commands.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account whose policy to add bindings to. The account should be
formatted either as a numeric service account ID or as an email, like this:
123456789876543212345 or my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a service account with
identifier 'my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

For a service account \f5test\-proj1@example.domain.com\fR, the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' to the
given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for all authenticated users on a service account with identifier
\'my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

