
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_AUTOSCALING\-POLICIES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies export \- export an autoscaling policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies export\fR (\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Exporting an autoscaling policy is similar to describing one,
except that export omits output only fields, such as the policy id and resource
name. This is to allow piping the output of export directly into import, which
requires that output only fields are omitted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Autoscaling policy resource \- The autoscaling policy to export. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [autoscaling_policy]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR
ID of the autoscaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the autoscaling
policy. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the autoscaling policy. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the autoscaling policy configuration will be exported.
The exported data will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you
may omit this flag to write to standard output. A schema describing the
export/import format can be found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/dataproc/v1beta2/AutoscalingPolicy.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command saves the contents of autoscaling policy
\f5example\-autoscaling\-policy\fR to a file so that it can be imported later:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies export \e
    example\-autoscaling\-policy \-\-destination=saved\-policy.yaml
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc autoscaling\-policies export
$ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies export
.RE

