
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_GET\-SCREENSHOT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances get\-screenshot \- capture a screenshot (JPEG\ image) of the virtual machine instance's display



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances get\-screenshot\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Capture a screenshot (JPEG image) of the virtual machine instance's
display.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to get a screenshot from. For details on valid instance
names, refer to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Filename, including the path, to save the screenshot (JPEG image).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to get a screenshot from. If not specified, the user may be
prompted to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by
searching for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined,
the user will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get a screenshot from an instance named \f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances get\-screenshot test\-instance \e
    \-\-destination=output.jpg
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances get\-screenshot
.RE

