
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SOURCE_REPOS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha source repos create \- create a cloud source repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha source repos create\fR \fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command creates a named git repository for the currently
active Google Cloud Platform project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY_NAME\fR
Name of the repository. May contain between 3 and 63 (inclusive) lowercase
letters, digits, and hyphens. Must start with a letter, and may not end with a
hyphen.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a named repository in the current project issue the following
commands:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud init
$ gcloud alpha source repos create REPOSITORY_NAME
.RE

Once you push contents to it, they can be browsed in the Developers Console.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud source repos create
$ gcloud beta source repos create
.RE

