
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI\-PLATFORM_MODELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai\-platform models \- AI Platform Models commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai\-platform models\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR An AI Platform model is a container representing an ML application
or service. A model may contain multiple versions which act as the
implementation of the service. See also:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform versions \-\-help.
.RE

For more information, please see
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/technical\-overview#model



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List existing AI Platform models.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing AI Platform model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform models
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models
.RE

