
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TPUS_ACCELERATOR\-TYPES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute tpus accelerator\-types describe \- describe an accelerator type available for Cloud TPUs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute tpus accelerator\-types describe\fR (\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get details on an accelerator type.

To get a list of available accelerator types for your location run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus accelerator\-types list
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Accelerator type resource \- The accelerator type you want to describe. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [accelerator_type]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR
The ID of the accelerator_type or a fully qualified identifier for the
accelerator_type. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus accelerator\-types describe
$ gcloud beta compute tpus accelerator\-types describe
.RE

