
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PACKET\-MIRRORINGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute packet\-mirrorings delete \- delete a Compute Engine packet mirroring policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute packet\-mirrorings delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine Packet Mirroring policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the packet mirrorings to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the packet mirrorings to delete. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Delete the Packet Mirroring policy pm\-1 in region us\-central1.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute packet\-mirrorings delete pm\-1
  \-\-region us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute packet\-mirrorings delete
$ gcloud beta compute packet\-mirrorings delete
.RE

