
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_DATASOURCES_GCS_INSPECT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp datasources gcs inspect \- schedules a job to inspect content in a Google Cloud Storage bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp datasources gcs inspect\fR \fIPATH\fR [\fB\-\-exclude\-info\-types\fR] [\fB\-\-file\-size\-limit\fR=\fIFILE_SIZE_LIMIT\fR;\ default=1024] [\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR] [\fB\-\-info\-types\fR=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-findings\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-findings\-per\-item\fR=\fIMAX_FINDINGS_PER_ITEM\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-time\fR=\fIMAX_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-likelihood\fR=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR;\ default="possible"] [\fB\-\-min\-time\fR=\fIMIN_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-output\-table\fR=\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-output\-topics\fR=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Schedules a job to inspect content in a Google Cloud Storage
bucket for sensitive data.

See Inspecting Storage and Databases for Sensitive Data
(https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/inspecting\-storage) for more details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPATH\fR
Google Cloud Storage URL to scan for files with optional wildcard character
(\f5*\fR) \-\- for example, gs://my\-bucket/\f5*\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-exclude\-info\-types\fR
Whether or not to exclude type information of the findings. Type information is
included by default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-size\-limit\fR=\fIFILE_SIZE_LIMIT\fR; default=1024
Integer indicating max number of bytes to scan from a file. If a scanned file's
size is bigger than this value, then the rest of the bytes are omitted. The
default value is 1024.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-quote\fR
If True, the server will attempt to filter out profanities, replacing all but
the initial character in each filtered word with asterisks, e.g. "f**\fB".

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-info\-types\fB=[\fIINFOTYPE\fR,...]
Which infoTypes to scan input for. The values must correspond to infoType values
found in documentation. For more information about valid infoTypes, see
infoTypes Reference (https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/infotypes\-reference)

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-job\-id\fB=\fIJOB_ID\fR
Optional job ID to use for the created job. If not provided, a job ID will
automatically be generated. Must be unique within the project. The job ID can
contain uppercase and lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens; that is, it must
match the regular expression: \f5[a\-zA\-Z\e\ed\-]+\fR. The maximum length is
100 characters. Can be empty to allow the system to generate one.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-max\-findings\fB=\fIMAX_FINDINGS\fR
Maximum number of findings that will be returned per execution.

If not specified, no limits are applied.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-max\-findings\-per\-item\fB=\fIMAX_FINDINGS_PER_ITEM\fR
Maximum number of findings that will be returned for each item scanned.

If not specified, no limits are applied.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-max\-time\fB=\fIMAX_TIME\fR
Scan will include items in repository whose age is >= min\-time and <=
max\-time.

If max\-time is omitted then there is no maximum time limit.

See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-min\-likelihood\fB=\fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR; default="possible"
Only return findings equal to or above this threshold. \fIMIN_LIKELIHOOD\fR must
be one of: \fRlikely\fB, \fRpossible\fB, \fRunlikely\fB, \fRvery\-likely\fB,
\fRvery\-unlikely\fB.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-min\-time\fB=\fIMIN_TIME\fR
Scan will include items in repository whose age is >= min\-time and <=
max\-time.

If max\-time is omitted then there is no maximum time limit.

See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-output\-table\fB=\fIOUTPUT_TABLE\fR
Publishes results of a Cloud DLP job a BigQuery table. BigQuery tables are
uniquely identified by their project_id, dataset_id, and table_id in the format
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR or
\f5<project_id>.<dataset_id>.<table_id>\fR. If no table_id is specified, DLP
will create a table for you.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-output\-topics\fB=[\fIOUTPUT_TOPICS\fR,...]
Publishes the results of a Cloud DLP job to one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

Note: The topic must have given publishing access rights to the DLP API service
account executing the Cloud DLP job.


\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdlp/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a job \f5my\-gcs\-job\fR to scan files in the
Google Cloud Storage path \f5gs://testproject/dlp/\fB\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dlp datasources gcs inspect  \e
    `gs://testproject/dlp/*` \-\-job\-id my\-gcs\-job \e
    \-\-file\-size\-limit 10000 \-\-min\-time '2018\-01\-01T12:00:00Z' \e
    \-\-max\-time '2018\-01\-31T12:00:00Z' \-\-output\-topics my\-topic \e
    \-\-max\-findings\-per\-item 3 \-\-max\-findings 1000 \e
    \-\-info\-types PHONE_NUMBER,EMAIL_ADDRESS \e
    \-\-min\-likelihood very\-likely \-\-include\-quote \e
    \-\-exclude\-info\-types
.RE


\fR

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

