
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_ENTITY\-TYPES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types update \- update a Dialogflow entity type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types update\fR \fIENTITY_TYPE\fR [\fB\-\-auto\-expand\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-entities\fR=\fIADD_ENTITIES\fR\ \fB\-\-clear\-entities\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-entities\fR=[\fIREMOVE_ENTITIES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Dialogflow entity type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

EntityType resource \- Entity type to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [entity_type]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTITY_TYPE\fR
ID of the entityType or fully qualified identifier for the entityType.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-expand\fR
Whether or not the entity type can be automatically expanded to idenitify
entities not explicitly included.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A human readable name for the entity type.

.TP 2m

Use these flags for adding and removing entities:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-entities\fR=\fIADD_ENTITIES\fR
Comma separated list of entities, or a map of entities to synonyms, to be added
to existing list of entities.

If specified with \f5\-\-remove\-entities\fR or \f5\-\-clear\-entities\fR,
entities will be removed in a separate request before entities are added. If an
entity with a given value exists, it will be overwritten.

If a list, the entities can contain references to other entity types (with or
without aliases).

To specify a map, set this flag with \f5\-\-flags\-file\fR as a map, where each
key is the canonical name and each value is a list of synonyms to map to the
canonical name. The canonical name must be explicitly included in the list of
synonyms. For more information on \f5\-\-flags\-file\fR, see \f5gcloud topics
flags\-file\fR.

For example, use \f5\-\-flags\-file=flags.yaml\fR, where \f5flags.yaml\fR
contains:

.RS 2m
\-\-entities:
  red:
  \- red
  \- cherry
  \- rose
  blue:
  \- blue
  \- azure
  \- cyan
.RE

For more information, see
https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow\-enterprise/docs/reference/rest/v2/Entity.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-entities\fR
If true, remove all existing entities.

Can be used with \f5\-\-add\-entities\fR to replace existing entities.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-entities\fR=[\fIREMOVE_ENTITIES\fR,...]
A comma separated list of entities to be removed.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the display name of an entity type:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types update \-\-display\-name="color"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

