
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ENDPOINTS_QUOTA_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha endpoints quota create \- create a quota override for a consumer



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha endpoints quota create\fR \fB\-\-consumer\fR=\fICONSUMER\fR \fB\-\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-unit\fR=\fIUNIT\fR \fB\-\-value\fR=\fIVALUE\fR [\fB\-\-dimensions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command creates a quota override for a consumer. The
supported consumers are projects, folders, and organizations.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-consumer\fR=\fICONSUMER\fR
The consumer to create a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metric\fR=\fIMETRIC\fR
The metric to create a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
The service to create a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unit\fR=\fIUNIT\fR
The unit of a metric to create a quota override for.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-value\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
The value of the override.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dimensions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The dimensions of the override, e.g. for specific locations.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Force override creation even if the change results in a substantial decrease in
available quota.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a quota override for a project with project number, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota create \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/12321
\-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
\-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-value=360
.RE

To create a quota override for a project with project ID, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota create \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/hello
\-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
\-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-value=360
.RE

To create a quota override for an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota create \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=organizations/555
\-\-metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
\-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-value=360
.RE

To force the creation of a quota override with dimensions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints quota create \e
    \-\-service=example.googleapis.com \-\-consumer=projects/12321
metric=example.googleapis.com/default_requests
\-\-unit=1/min/{project} \-\-dimensions=regions=us\-central1
\-\-dimensions=zones=us\-central1\-c \-\-value=360 \-\-force
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

