
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-TEMPLATES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine node template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine node template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Node template resource \- The node template for which to add IAM policy binding
to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[node_template] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the node_template or fully qualified identifier for the node_template.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/beta\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with node template 'my\-node\-template' and region
\'REGION', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-node\-template \-\-region=REGION \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

