
.TH "GCLOUD_FILESTORE_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud filestore instances delete \- delete a Cloud Filestore instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud filestore instances delete\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete a Cloud Filestore instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to delete. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Do not wait for the delete operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
(DEPRECATED) Location of the Cloud Filestore instance.

The \f5\-\-location\fR flag is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-zone\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a Cloud Filestore instance named NAME in us\-central1\-c:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances delete NAME \-\-location=us\-central1\-c
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore instances delete
$ gcloud beta filestore instances delete
.RE

