
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES_CREDENTIALS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices credentials describe \- show details about a specific device credential



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices credentials describe\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a specific device credential.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device to which the credential belongs. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-device] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the first credential of a device in region 'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot devices credentials describe \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-registry=my\-registry \-\-device=my\-device 0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices credentials describe
$ gcloud beta iot devices credentials describe
.RE

