
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FIRESTORE_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha firestore import \- import Cloud Firestore documents from Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha firestore import\fR \fIINPUT_URI_PREFIX\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-collection\-ids\fR=[\fICOLLECTION_IDS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR import Cloud Firestore documents from Google Cloud Storage



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINPUT_URI_PREFIX\fR
Location of the import files.

This location is the 'output_uri_prefix' field of a previous export, and can be
found via the 'gcloud alpha firestore operations describe' command.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collection\-ids\fR=[\fICOLLECTION_IDS\fR,...]
A list specifying which collections will be included in the operation. When
omitted, all collections are included.

For example, to operate on only the 'customers' and 'orders' collections:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firestore import \-\-collection\-ids='customers','orders'
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import all collection groups from \f5mybucket/my/path\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firestore import gs://mybucket/my/path
.RE

To import a specific set of collections groups asynchronously, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firestore import gs://mybucket/my/path \e
    \-\-collection\-ids='specific collection group1','specific
 collection group2' \-\-async
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firestore import
$ gcloud beta firestore import
.RE

