
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list \- list Google Compute Engine managed instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed list\fR displays all Google Compute
Engine managed instance groups in a project.

By default, managed instance groups from all regions and managed instance groups
from all zones are listed. The results can be narrowed down by providing the
\f5\fI\-\-regions\fR\fR or \f5\fI\-\-zones\fR\fR flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of
resources.

Argument NAME is deprecated. Use \-\-filter="name=( 'NAME' ... )" instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
(DEPRECATED) A regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any
names that do not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

Flag \-\-regexp is deprecated. Use \-\-filter="name~'REGEXP'" instead.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regions\fR=[\fIREGION\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, only regional resources are shown. If arguments are
provided, only resources from the given regions are shown.

Flag \-\-regions is deprecated. Use \-\-filter="region:( REGION ... )" instead.
For example \-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 europe\-west2 )".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONE\fR,...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, only zonal resources are shown. If arguments are
provided, only resources from the given zones are shown.

Flag \-\-zones is deprecated. Use \-\-filter="zone:( ZONE ... )" instead. For
example \-\-filter="zone:( europe\-west1\-b europe\-west1\-c )".


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all managed instance groups in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list
.RE

To list the URIs of all managed instance groups in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all managed instance groups in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, given they are regional resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list \e
    \-\-filter="region:( europe\-west1 us\-central1 )"
.RE

To list all managed instance groups in zones \f5\fIus\-central1\-b\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\-d\fR\fR, given they are zonal resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed list \e
    \-\-filter="zone:( europe\-west1\-d us\-central1\-b )"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed list
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed list
.RE

