
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_CLUSTERS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable clusters delete \- delete a bigtable cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable clusters delete\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a bigtable cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- The cluster to delete. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Bigtable instance for the cluster.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable clusters delete my\-cluster\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable clusters delete
$ gcloud beta bigtable clusters delete
.RE

