
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TPUS_STOP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute tpus stop \- stop a Cloud TPU



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute tpus stop\fR (\fITPU\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Stop a Cloud TPU.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tpu resource \- The Cloud TPU to stop. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on
the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITPU\fR
The ID of the tpu or a fully qualified identifier for the tpu. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus stop
.RE

