
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_ROWS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner rows delete \- delete a row in a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner rows delete\fR \fB\-\-keys\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...] \fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR (\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keys\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
The primary key values of the row to delete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR
The Cloud Spanner table name.

.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database in which to delete a row. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-database]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR
ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a row with primary keys of SingerId=1,SingName=abc in table Singers
under my\-database and my\-instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner rows delete \-\-table=Singers \e
  \-\-database=my\-database \-\-instance=my\-instance \-\-keys=1,abc
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner rows delete
$ gcloud alpha spanner rows delete
.RE

