
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYRINGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keyrings describe \- get metadata for a keyring



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keyrings describe\fR (\fIKEYRING\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns metadata for the given keyring.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Keyring resource \- The KMS keyring resource. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [keyring] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEYRING\fR
ID of the keyring or fully qualified identifier for the keyring. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the keyring.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command returns the metadata for the keyring \f5towers\fR in the
location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keyrings describe towers \-\-location=us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keyrings describe
$ gcloud beta kms keyrings describe
.RE

