
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DNS_DNS\-KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dns dns\-keys \- manage Cloud DNS DNSKEY records



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dns dns\-keys\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The commands in this group manage Cloud DNS DNS key resources. A
DNS key resource represents a cryptographic signing key for use in DNSSEC; a
DNSKEY record contains a public key used for digitally signing zone data.

For more information, including instructions for managing and using DNS keys,
see the documentation for DNSSEC (https://cloud.google.com/dns/dnssec).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a DNS key resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List DNS key resources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns dns\-keys
$ gcloud beta dns dns\-keys
.RE

