
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-AUTOHEALING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-autohealing \- set autohealing policy for managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-autohealing\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR] [\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Set autohealing policy for managed instance
group.

This command is deprecated and will not be promoted to GA. Please use \f5gcloud
beta instance\-groups managed update\fR instead.

\fBgcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-autohealing\fR updates the
autohealing policy for an existing managed instance group.

If health check is specified, the resulting autohealing policy will be triggered
by the health\-check signal i.e. the autohealing action (RECREATE) on an
instance will be performed if the health\-check signals that the instance is
UNHEALTHY. If no health check is specified, the resulting autohealing policy
will be triggered by instance's status i.e. the autohealing action (RECREATE) on
an instance will be performed if the instance.status is not RUNNING.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR
Specifies the length of time during which the instance is known to be
initializing and should not be autohealed even if unhealthy. This value cannot
be greater than 1 hour. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
Name of the health check to operate on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTP health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
(DEPRECATED) HTTPS health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

HttpsHealthCheck is deprecated. Use \-\-health\-check instead.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-autohealing
.RE

