
.TH "GCLOUD_POLICY\-TROUBLESHOOT_IAM" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud policy\-troubleshoot iam \- troubleshoot the IAM Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud policy\-troubleshoot iam\fR \fIRESOURCE\fR \fB\-\-permission\fR=\fIPERMISSION\fR \fB\-\-principal\-email\fR=\fIPRINCIPAL_EMAIL\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Performs a check on whether a member is granted a permission on a resource and
how that access is determined according to the resource's effective IAM policy
interpretation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESOURCE\fR
Full resource name that access is checked against. See:
https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/resource\-names.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permission\fR=\fIPERMISSION\fR
Cloud IAM permission to check, e.g. "resourcemanager.projects.get".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-principal\-email\fR=\fIPRINCIPAL_EMAIL\fR
Email address that identifies the member to check. Only Google Accounts and
service accounts are supported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpolicytroubleshooter/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To troubleshoot a permission of a member on a resource, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud policy\-troubleshoot iam \e
    //cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/project\-id
\-\-principal\-email=my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com
\-\-permission=resourcemanager.projects.get
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/policies for more information about IAM
policies.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha policy\-troubleshoot iam
$ gcloud beta policy\-troubleshoot iam
.RE

