
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores \- manage Cloud Healthcare API FHIR stores



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API FHIR stores.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store exports.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store imports.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieve the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Healthcare API FHIR stores.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR
store.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud healthcare fhir\-stores
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores
.RE

