
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PROJECT\-INFO_SET\-USAGE\-BUCKET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket \- set usage reporting bucket for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket\fR (\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-no\-bucket\fR) [\fB\-\-prefix\fR=\fIPREFIX\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket\fR
configures usage reporting for projects.

Setting usage reporting will cause a log of usage per resource to be written to
a specified Google Cloud Storage bucket daily.

For example, to write daily logs of the form usage_gce_YYYYMMDD.csv to the
bucket \f5my\-bucket\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket \e
    \-\-bucket=gs://my\-bucket
.RE

To disable this feature, issue the command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket \-\-no\-bucket
.RE



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
Name of an existing Google Cloud Storage bucket where the usage report object
should be stored. This can either be the bucket name by itself, such as
\f5my\-bucket\fR, or the bucket name with \f5gs://\fR or
\f5https://storage.googleapis.com/\fR in front of it, such as
\f5gs://my\-bucket\fR. The Google Service Account for performing usage reporting
is granted write access to this bucket. The user running this command must be an
owner of the bucket.

To clear the usage bucket, use \f5\-\-no\-bucket\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-bucket\fR
Unsets the bucket. This disables usage report storage.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prefix\fR=\fIPREFIX\fR
Optional prefix for the name of the usage report object stored in the bucket. If
not supplied, then this defaults to \f5\fIusage\fR\fR. The report is stored as a
CSV file named PREFIX_gce_YYYYMMDD.csv where YYYYMMDD is the day of the usage
according to Pacific Time. The prefix should conform to Google Cloud Storage
object naming conventions. This flag must not be provided when clearing the
usage bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket
$ gcloud beta compute project\-info set\-usage\-bucket
.RE

