
.TH "GCLOUD_FUNCTIONS_LOGS_READ" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud functions logs read \- display log entries produced by Google Cloud Functions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud functions logs read\fR [\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-end\-time\fR=\fIEND_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-execution\-id\fR=\fIEXECUTION_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default=20] [\fB\-\-min\-log\-level\fR=\fIMIN_LOG_LEVEL\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Display log entries produced by Google Cloud Functions.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR]
Name of the function which logs are to be displayed. If no name is specified,
logs from all functions are displayed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-end\-time\fR=\fIEND_TIME\fR
Return only log entries which timestamps are not later than the specified time.
If \fB\-\-end\-time\fR is specified but \fB\-\-start\-time\fR is not, the
command returns \fB\-\-limit\fR latest log entries which appeared before
\-\-end\-time. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-execution\-id\fR=\fIEXECUTION_ID\fR
Execution ID for which logs are to be displayed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default=20
Number of log entries to be fetched; must not be greater than 1000.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-log\-level\fR=\fIMIN_LOG_LEVEL\fR
Minimum level of logs to be fetched. \fIMIN_LOG_LEVEL\fR must be one of:
\fBdebug\fR, \fBinfo\fR, \fBerror\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Only show logs generated by functions in the region. Overrides the default
\fBfunctions/region\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Return only log entries which timestamps are not earlier than the specified
time. If \fB\-\-start\-time\fR is specified, the command returns \fB\-\-limit\fR
earliest log entries which appeared after \fB\-\-start\-time\fR. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha functions logs read
$ gcloud beta functions logs read
.RE

