
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_MEMCACHE_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta memcache instances update \- update a Memorystore Memcached instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta memcache instances update\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) (\fB\-\-parameters\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR\ \fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update the metadata and/or configuration parameters of a Memcached
instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memcached instance you
want to update. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Memcached region of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parameters\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
User defined parameters to apply to the memcached process on each node. Possible
attributes include:

.TP 2m
\fBlisten\-backlog\fR
The backlog queue limit for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-flush\-all\fR
If enabled, flush_all command will be disabled. Applicable to 1.4.24 and higher.

.TP 2m
\fBmax\-item\-size\fR
Max bytes of the instnace. Must at least be equal to slab_chunk_max (which
defaults to 524288 bytes) and less than 134217728 bytes. Additionally it must be
a multiple of slab_chunk_max.

.TP 2m
\fBslab\-min\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [1, 1024].

.TP 2m
\fBslab\-growth\-factor\fR
This is a float in the range [1.01, 100].

.TP 2m
\fBprotocol\fR
This is an enum with acceptable values of ["ascii", "auto"].

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-cas\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-evictions\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBmax\-reqs\-per\-event\fR
This is an integer in the range [1, 1000].

.TP 2m
\fBtrack\-sizes\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBworker\-logbuf\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [48, 524288].

.TP 2m
\fBwatcher\-logbuf\-size\fR
This is an integer in the range [0, 2097151].

.TP 2m
\fBlru\-crawler\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBidle\-timeout\fR
This is an integer in the range [1,86400].

.TP 2m
\fBlru\-maintainer\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBmaxconns\-fast\fR
This is a boolean value.

.TP 2m
\fBhash\-algorithm\fR
This is an enum with accepted values of ["jenkins", "murmur3"].
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
An arbitrary and optional user provided name for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR
Number of memcache nodes in this instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmemcache/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates a Memcached instance with the name
\'my\-memcache\-instance' in region 'us\-central1' to have the display name
"Cache for Foo Service", and the two labels, 'env' and 'service'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache instances update my\-memcache\-instance \e
    \-\-display\-name="Cache for Foo Service" \e
    \-\-labels=env=test,service=foo
.RE

The following command updates a Memcached instance with the name
\'my\-memcache\-instance' in region 'us\-central1' to have parameters 'protocol'
and 'track\-sizes'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache instances update my\-memcache\-instance \e
    \-\-parameters=protocol=ascii,track\-sizes=true \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache instances update
.RE

