
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions create \- creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions create\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR\ ...] (\fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-message\-retention\-duration\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_DURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR] [\fB\-\-retain\-acked\-messages\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions for a given topic.
The new subscription defaults to a PULL subscription unless a push endpoint is
specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR ...]
One or more subscriptions to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

TOPIC \- Name of the topic from which this subscription is receiving messages.
Each subscription is attached to a single topic. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR
The ID of the topic or a fully qualified identifier for the topic. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\-project\fR=\fITOPIC_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the topic. If not set, it will use the project set in
properties.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR
The number of seconds the system will wait for a subscriber to acknowledge
receiving a message before re\-attempting delivery.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-retention\-duration\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_DURATION\fR
How long to retain unacknowledged messages in the subscription's backlog, from
the moment a message is published. If \-\-retain\-acked\-messages is true, this
also configures the retention of acknowledged messages. The default value is 7
days, the minimum is 10 minutes, and the maximum is 7 days. Valid values are
strings of the form INTEGER[UNIT], where UNIT is one of "s", "m", "h", and "d"
for seconds, seconds, minutes, hours, and days, respectively. If the unit is
omitted, seconds is assumed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR
A URL to use as the endpoint for this subscription. This will also automatically
set the subscription type to PUSH.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retain\-acked\-messages\fR
Whether or not to retain acknowledged messages. If true, messages are not
expunged from the subscription's backlog until they fall out of the
\-\-message\-retention\-duration window.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions create
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions create
.RE

