
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable operations describe \- describe a Cloud Bigtable operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Bigtable operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Cloud Bigtable operation to describe. This represents a
Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view details for operation 'OPERATION_ID', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable operations describe OPERATION_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable operations describe
$ gcloud beta bigtable operations describe
.RE

