
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NETWORK\-CONNECTIVITY_SPOKES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha network\-connectivity spokes describe \- describe a spoke



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha network\-connectivity spokes describe\fR (\fISPOKE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details of a spoke.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Spoke resource \- Name of the spoke you want to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [spoke] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISPOKE\fR
ID of the spoke or fully qualified identifier for the spoke. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The location Id.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnetworkconnectivity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Following command prints the spoke in region \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR with name
\f5\fIspoke\-1\fR\fR..RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha network\-connectivity spokes describe spoke\-1 \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

