
.TH "GCLOUD_DATASTORE_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud datastore operations list \- list pending Cloud Datastore admin operations and their status



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud datastore operations list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR;\ default=100] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=100] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Filters are case\-sensitive and have the following syntax:

.RS 2m
field = value [AND [field = value]] ...
.RE

where \f5field\fR is one of \f5kind\fR, \f5namespace\fR, \f5type\fR, or
\f5labels.[KEY]\fR, and \f5[KEY]\fR is a label key. \f5kind\fR and
\f5namespace\fR may be \f5\fB\fR to query for operations on all kinds and/or all
namespaces. \f5type\fR may be one of \f5export_entities\fR or
\f5import_entities\fR.

Only the logical \f5AND\fR operator is supported; space\-separated items are
treated as having an implicit \f5AND\fR operator.


\fR

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR; default=100
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fB100\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=100
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB100\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore operations list
.RE

To see the list of all export operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore operations list \-\-filter='type:export_entities'
.RE

To see the list of all export operations for kind 'MyKind', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore operations list \e
    \-\-filter='type:export_entities AND kind:MyKind'
.RE

To see the list of all operations with particular labels, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore operations list \-\-filter='labels.run = daily'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha datastore operations list
$ gcloud beta datastore operations list
.RE

