
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_SET\-ROTATION\-SCHEDULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule \- update the rotation schedule for a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule\fR \fIKEY\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates the rotation schedule for the given key. The schedule
automatically creates a new primary version for the key according to the
\f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR and \f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR flags.

The flag \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR must be in ISO or RFC3339 format, and
\f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR must be in the form INTEGER[UNIT], where units can be
one of seconds (s), minutes (m), hours (h) or days (d).

Key rotations performed manually via \f5update\-primary\-version\fR and the
version \f5create\fR do not affect the stored \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key to update the schedule of.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR
Next automatic rotation time of the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR
Automatic rotation period of the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on duration formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command sets a 30 day rotation period for the key named
\f5frodo\fR within the keyring \f5fellowship\fR and location \f5global\fR
starting at the specified time:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule frodo \e
    \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-rotation\-period=30d \e
    \-\-next\-rotation\-time=2017\-10\-12T12:34:56.1234Z
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule
$ gcloud beta kms keys set\-rotation\-schedule
.RE

