
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_PEERINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks peerings \- list, create, delete, and update VPC Network Peering



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks peerings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, delete, and update VPC Network Peering.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine network peering.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine network peering.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine peerings.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-routes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List received or advertised routes for a VPC network peering.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine network peering.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks peerings
$ gcloud beta compute networks peerings
.RE

