
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates export \- export a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates export\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports a workflow template's configuration to a file. This
configuration can be imported at a later time.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to export. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [template] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported. The exported data
will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag
to write to standard output.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version of the workflow template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export version 1.0 of workflow template for 'my\-workflow\-template' in
region 'us\-central1' to template.yaml, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates export \e
    my\-workflow\-template \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-destination=path/to/template.yaml \-\-version=1.0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates export
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates export
.RE

