
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_VMWARE_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha vmware clusters create \- create a cluster in a VMware Engine private cloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha vmware clusters create\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-privatecloud\fR=\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR) \fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a cluster in a VMware Engine private cloud.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- cluster. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [cluster] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the privatecloud or cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-privatecloud\fR=\fIPRIVATECLOUD\fR
VMware privatecloud.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-count\fR=\fINODE_COUNT\fR
Initial number of nodes in the cluster

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone in which to create nodes in the cluster


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a cluster called \f5\fImy\-cluster\fR\fR in private cloud
\f5\fImy\-privatecloud\fR\fR, with three initial nodes created in zone
\f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware clusters create my\-cluster \e
    \-\-privatecloud=my\-privatecloud \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \-\-node\-count=3
.RE

Or:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha vmware clusters create my\-cluster \e
    \-\-privatecloud=my\-privatecloud \-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-node\-count=3
.RE

In the second example, the project and location are taken from gcloud properties
core/project and vmware/location.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

