
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TPUS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute tpus create \- create a new Cloud TPU



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute tpus create\fR \fITPU_ID\fR \fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR;\ default="v2\-8"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITPU_ID\fR
Name of the TPU.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
CIDR Range for the TPU. The IP range that the TPU will select an IP address
from. Must be in CIDR notation and a \f5/29\fR range, for example
\f5192.168.0.0/29\fR. Errors will occur if the CIDR range has already been used
for a currently existing TPU, the CIDR range conflicts with any networks in the
user's provided network, or the provided network is peered with another network
that is using that CIDR range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
TensorFlow version for the TPU, such as \f51.6\fR. For a list of available
TensorFlow versions please see https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR; default="v2\-8"
TPU accelerator type for the TPU. If not specified, this defaults to
\f5v2\-8\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Specifies a text description of the TPU.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Specifies the network that this TPU will be a part of. If not specified, this
defaults to the \f5default\fR network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the tpu to create. Zone in which TPU lives. If not specified, will
use default compute/zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a TPU with ID \f5my\-tpu\fR and CIDR range
\f510.240.0.0/29\fR in the default user project, network and compute/region
(with other defaults supplied by API):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute tpus create  my\-tpu \-\-range 10.240.0.0/29
.RE


The following command creates a TPU with ID \f5my\-tpu\fR with explicit values
for all required and optional parameters:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute tpus create my\-tpu \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-range '10.240.0.0/29' \e
    \-\-accelerator\-type 'v2\-8' \e
    \-\-network my\-tf\-network \e
    \-\-description 'My TF Node' \e
    \-\-version '1.1'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute tpus create
.RE

