
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_NETWORK\-INTERFACES_GET\-EFFECTIVE\-FIREWALLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces get\-effective\-firewalls \- get the effective firewalls on a Google Compute Engine virtual machine network interface



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces get\-effective\-firewalls\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR,\ \fB\-r\fR\ \fIREGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces
get\-effective\-firewalls\fR Get the effective firewalls applied on the network
interfaces of a Google Compute Engine virtual machine. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces \e
    get\-effective\-firewalls example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

gets the effective firewalls applied on the default network interface of a
Google Compute Engine virtual machine "example\-instance" in zone
us\-central1\-a



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances

.TP 2m
[\fINAME\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) If provided, show details for the specified names and/or URIs of
resources.

Argument \f5NAME\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name=( 'NAME' ... )"\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
The name of the network interface to get the effective firewalls.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-regexp\fR=\fIREGEXP\fR, \fB\-r\fR \fIREGEXP\fR
(DEPRECATED) Regular expression to filter the names of the results on. Any names
that do not match the entire regular expression will be filtered out.

Flag \f5\-\-regexp\fR is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-filter="name~'REGEXP'"\fR
instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the effective firewalls of instance with name example\-instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces \e
    get\-effective\-firewalls example\-instance,
To show all fields of the firewall rules, please show in JSON format with option
\-\-format=json
.RE

To see more firewall rule fields in table format, run the following for
"example\-instance":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces \e
    get\-effective\-firewalls example\-instance \-\-format="table(
  type,
  security_policy_id,
  priority,
  action,
  direction,
  ip_ranges.list():label=IP_RANGES,
  target_svc_acct,
  enableLogging,
  description,
  name,
  disabled,
  target_tags,
  src_svc_acct,
  src_tags,
  ruleTupleCount,
  targetResources:label=TARGET_RESOURCES)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces \e
    get\-effective\-firewalls
.RE

