
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_XPN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute xpn \- configure shared VPC



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute xpn\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure shared VPC.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBassociated\-projects\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure associated projects for cross\-project networking (XPN).

.TP 2m
\fBorganizations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure organizations for cross\-project networking (XPN).


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disable the given project as a shared VPC host.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable the given project as a shared VPC host.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-host\-project\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the shared VPC host project that the given project is
associated with.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-associated\-resources\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the resources associated with the given shared VPC host
project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute xpn
$ gcloud beta compute xpn
.RE

