
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN_SSH\-KEYS_ADD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys add \- add an SSH public key to an OS Login profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys add\fR (\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys add\fR will take either a string
containing an SSH public key or a filename for an SSH public key and will add
that key to the user's OS Login profile.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The SSH public key to add to the OS Login Profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing an SSH public key to add to the OS Login Profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR
The amount of time before the SSH key expires. For example, specifying
\f5\fI30m\fR\fR will set the expiration time on the SSH key for 30 minutes from
the current time. A value of 0 will result in no expiration time. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys add
$ gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys add
.RE

