
.TH "GCLOUD_SPANNER_DATABASES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud spanner databases add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud spanner databases add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database to which to add the IAM policy
binding. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[database] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Spanner instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with database 'my\-database' and instance
\'my\-instance', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-database \e
    \-\-instance='my\-instance' \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta spanner databases add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

