
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_CLOUD\-BINDINGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager cloud\-bindings describe \- show details about a cloud access binding



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager cloud\-bindings describe\fR (\fB\-\-binding\fR=\fIBINDING\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a cloud access binding which enforces the
access level to a user group.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cloud access binding resource \- The cloud access binding you want to show
details about The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes
of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-binding\fR=\fIBINDING\fR
ID of the cloud\-access\-binding or fully qualified identifier for the
cloud\-access\-binding. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The ID of the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

