
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_HTTPS\-HEALTH\-CHECKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute https\-health\-checks \- read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute https\-health\-checks\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate legacy health checks that use the HTTPS
protocol.

For more information about legacy health checks, see the HTTPS health checks
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/health\-checks#legacy\-health\-checks)

See also: HTTPS health checks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/httpsHealthChecks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a legacy HTTPS health check.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete HTTPS health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display detailed information about an HTTPS health check.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine HTTPS health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a legacy HTTPS health check.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute https\-health\-checks
$ gcloud alpha compute https\-health\-checks
.RE

