
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha \- alpha versions of gcloud commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-project\fR=\fIBILLING_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-configuration\fR=\fICONFIGURATION\fR] [\fB\-\-flags\-file\fR=\fIYAML_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-flatten\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-help\fR] [\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-quiet\fR,\ \fB\-q\fR] [\fB\-\-verbosity\fR=\fIVERBOSITY\fR;\ default="warning"] [\fB\-\-version\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR] [\fB\-h\fR] [\fB\-\-impersonate\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-http\fR] [\fB\-\-trace\-token\fR=\fITRACE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-user\-output\-enabled\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Alpha versions of gcloud commands.



.SH "GLOBAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT\fR
Google Cloud Platform user account to use for invocation. Overrides the default
\fBcore/account\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-project\fR=\fIBILLING_PROJECT\fR
The Google Cloud Platform project that will be charged quota for operations
performed in gcloud. If you need to operate on one project, but need quota
against a different project, you can use this flag to specify the billing
project. If both \f5billing/quota_project\fR and \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR are
specified, \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR takes precedence. Run \f5$ gcloud config
set \-\-help\fR to see more information about \f5billing/quota_project\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-configuration\fR=\fICONFIGURATION\fR
The configuration to use for this command invocation. For more information on
how to use configurations, run: \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR. You can also
use the CLOUDSDK_ACTIVE_CONFIG_NAME environment variable to set the equivalent
of this flag for a terminal session.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-flags\-file\fR=\fIYAML_FILE\fR
A YAML or JSON file that specifies a \fB\-\-flag\fR:\fBvalue\fR dictionary.
Useful for specifying complex flag values with special characters that work with
any command interpreter. Additionally, each \fB\-\-flags\-file\fR arg is
replaced by its constituent flags. See $ gcloud topic flags\-file for more
information.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-flatten\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
Flatten \fIname\fR[] output resource slices in \fIKEY\fR into separate records
for each item in each slice. Multiple keys and slices may be specified. This
also flattens keys for \fB\-\-format\fR and \fB\-\-filter\fR. For example,
\fB\-\-flatten=abc.def\fR flattens \fBabc.def[].ghi\fR references to
\fBabc.def.ghi\fR. A resource record containing \fBabc.def[]\fR with N elements
will expand to N records in the flattened output. This flag interacts with other
flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR,
\fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-format\fR=\fIFORMAT\fR
Set the format for printing command output resources. The default is a
command\-specific human\-friendly output format. The supported formats are:
\f5config\fR, \f5csv\fR, \f5default\fR, \f5diff\fR, \f5disable\fR,
\f5flattened\fR, \f5get\fR, \f5json\fR, \f5list\fR, \f5multi\fR, \f5none\fR,
\f5object\fR, \f5table\fR, \f5text\fR, \f5value\fR, \f5yaml\fR. For more details
run $ gcloud topic formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-help\fR
Display detailed help.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quiet\fR, \fB\-q\fR
Disable all interactive prompts when running gcloud commands. If input is
required, defaults will be used, or an error will be raised. Overrides the
default core/disable_prompts property value for this command invocation. This is
equivalent to setting the environment variable
\f5CLOUDSDK_CORE_DISABLE_PROMPTS\fR to 1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-verbosity\fR=\fIVERBOSITY\fR; default="warning"
Override the default verbosity for this command. Overrides the default
\fBcore/verbosity\fR property value for this command invocation. \fIVERBOSITY\fR
must be one of: \fBdebug\fR, \fBinfo\fR, \fBwarning\fR, \fBerror\fR,
\fBcritical\fR, \fBnone\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR, \fB\-v\fR
Print version information and exit. This flag is only available at the global
level.

.TP 2m
\fB\-h\fR
Print a summary help and exit.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-impersonate\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR
For this gcloud invocation, all API requests will be made as the given service
account instead of the currently selected account. This is done without needing
to create, download, and activate a key for the account. In order to perform
operations as the service account, your currently selected account must have an
IAM role that includes the iam.serviceAccounts.getAccessToken permission for the
service account. The roles/iam.serviceAccountTokenCreator role has this
permission or you may create a custom role. Overrides the default
\fBauth/impersonate_service_account\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-http\fR
Log all HTTP server requests and responses to stderr. Overrides the default
\fBcore/log_http\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trace\-token\fR=\fITRACE_TOKEN\fR
Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of issues.
Overrides the default \fBcore/trace_token\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-output\-enabled\fR
Print user intended output to the console. Overrides the default
\fBcore/user_output_enabled\fR property value for this command invocation. Use
\fB\-\-no\-user\-output\-enabled\fR to disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccess\-approval\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Access Approval requests and settings.

.TP 2m
\fBaccess\-context\-manager\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Access Context Manager resources.

.TP 2m
\fBactive\-directory\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Managed Microsoft AD resources.

.TP 2m
\fBai\-platform\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage AI Platform jobs and models.

.TP 2m
\fBanthos\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Anthos command Group.

.TP 2m
\fBapigee\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee resources.

.TP 2m
\fBapp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your App Engine deployments.

.TP 2m
\fBartifacts\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Artifact Registry resources.

.TP 2m
\fBasset\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the Cloud Asset Inventory.

.TP 2m
\fBauth\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage oauth2 credentials for the Google Cloud SDK.

.TP 2m
\fBbigtable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud Bigtable storage.

.TP 2m
\fBbilling\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage billing accounts and associate them with projects.

.TP 2m
\fBbq\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Interact with and manage resources in Google BigQuery.

.TP 2m
\fBbuilds\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage builds for Google Cloud Build.

.TP 2m
\fBcertificate\-manager\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage SSL certificates for your Google Cloud projects.

.TP 2m
\fBcloud\-shell\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Cloud Shell.

.TP 2m
\fBcode\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage a local development environment for Cloud Run.

.TP 2m
\fBcomposer\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Cloud Composer Environments.

.TP 2m
\fBcompute\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manipulate Compute Engine resources.

.TP 2m
\fBconfig\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View and edit Cloud SDK properties.

.TP 2m
\fBcontainer\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploy and manage clusters of machines for running containers.

.TP 2m
\fBdata\-catalog\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Data Catalog resources.

.TP 2m
\fBdataflow\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Cloud Dataflow resources.

.TP 2m
\fBdataproc\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc clusters and jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBdatastore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud Datastore resources.

.TP 2m
\fBdeployment\-manager\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage deployments of cloud resources.

.TP 2m
\fBdialogflow\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Interact with and manage Dialogflow agents, entities, and intents.

.TP 2m
\fBdlp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage sensitive data with Cloud Data Loss Prevention.

.TP 2m
\fBdns\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud DNS managed\-zones and record\-sets.

.TP 2m
\fBdomains\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage domains for your Google Cloud projects.

.TP 2m
\fBemulators\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set up your local development environment using emulators.

.TP 2m
\fBendpoints\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create, enable and manage API services.

.TP 2m
\fBfilestore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manipulate Cloud Filestore resources.

.TP 2m
\fBfirebase\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Work with Google Firebase.

.TP 2m
\fBfirestore\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud Firestore resources.

.TP 2m
\fBfunctions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Cloud Functions.

.TP 2m
\fBgame\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Managed Cloud Game Services.

.TP 2m
\fBgenomics\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Genomics resources.

.TP 2m
\fBhealthcare\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Healthcare resources.

.TP 2m
\fBiam\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage IAM service accounts and keys.

.TP 2m
\fBiap\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage IAP policies.

.TP 2m
\fBidentity\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Identity Groups and Memberships resources.

.TP 2m
\fBiot\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud IoT resources.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage cryptographic keys in the cloud.

.TP 2m
\fBlifesciences\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Life Sciences resources.

.TP 2m
\fBlogging\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Logging.

.TP 2m
\fBmemcache\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Memorystore Memcached resources.

.TP 2m
\fBml\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Google Cloud machine learning capabilities.

.TP 2m
\fBml\-engine\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage AI Platform jobs and models.

.TP 2m
\fBmonitoring\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Monitoring alerting policies, dashboards, and
notification channels.

.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\-security\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Network Security resources.

.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\-services\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Network Services resources.

.TP 2m
\fBnotebooks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Notebooks Command Group.

.TP 2m
\fBorganizations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Platform Organizations.

.TP 2m
\fBpolicy\-troubleshoot\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Troubleshoot Google Cloud Platform policies.

.TP 2m
\fBprojects\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage project access policies.

.TP 2m
\fBpubsub\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Pub/Sub topics, subscriptions, and snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBrecaptcha\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage reCAPTCHA Keys.

.TP 2m
\fBrecommender\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud recommendations and recommendation rules.

.TP 2m
\fBredis\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Memorystore Redis resources.

.TP 2m
\fBremote\-build\-execution\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Remote Build Execution.

.TP 2m
\fBresource\-manager\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Resources.

.TP 2m
\fBresource\-settings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Resource Settings.

.TP 2m
\fBresources\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List and search resources accessible from your account.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage your Cloud Run applications.

.TP 2m
\fBscc\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud SCC resources.

.TP 2m
\fBscheduler\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Scheduler jobs and schedules.

.TP 2m
\fBservice\-directory\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Command groups for Service Directory.

.TP 2m
\fBservices\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, enable and disable APIs and services.

.TP 2m
\fBsource\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cloud git repository commands.

.TP 2m
\fBspanner\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Command groups for Cloud Spanner.

.TP 2m
\fBsql\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud SQL databases.

.TP 2m
\fBtasks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Tasks queues and tasks.

.TP 2m
\fBtrace\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Stackdriver Trace.

.TP 2m
\fBvmware\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud VMware resources.

.TP 2m
\fBweb\-security\-scanner\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Web Security Scanner resources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBhelp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Search gcloud help text.

.TP 2m
\fBinit\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Initialize or reinitialize gcloud.

.TP 2m
\fBinteractive\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start the gcloud interactive shell.

.TP 2m
\fBsearch\-help\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Search the help text of gcloud commands.

.TP 2m
\fBsurvey\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Invoke a customer satisfaction survey for Cloud SDK.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

