
.TH "GCLOUD_BIGTABLE_APP\-PROFILES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud bigtable app\-profiles create \- create a new Bigtable app profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud bigtable app\-profiles create\fR (\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) (\fB\-\-route\-any\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-route\-to\fR=\fIROUTE_TO\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-transactional\-writes\fR]) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new Bigtable app profile.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

App profile resource \- The app profile to create. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [app_profile] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR
ID of the app profile or fully qualified identifier for the app profile. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Bigtable instance for the app profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Multi Cluster Routing Policy

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-route\-any\fR
Use Multi Cluster Routing policy.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Single Cluster Routing Policy

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-route\-to\fR=\fIROUTE_TO\fR
Cluster ID to route to using Single Cluster Routing policy. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transactional\-writes\fR
Allow transactional writes with a Single Cluster Routing policy.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Friendly name of the app profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Ignore warnings and force create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an app profile with a multi\-cluster routing policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable app\-profiles create my\-app\-profile\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \-\-route\-any
.RE

To create an app profile with a single\-cluster routing policy which routes all
requests to \f5my\-cluster\-id\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable app\-profiles create \e
    my\-single\-cluster\-app\-profile \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-route\-to=my\-cluster\-id
.RE

To create an app profile with a friendly description, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable app\-profiles create my\-app\-profile\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id \-\-route\-any \e
    \-\-description="Routes requests for my use case"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable app\-profiles create
$ gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles create
.RE

