
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_VIEWS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging views describe \- display information about a view



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging views describe\fR \fIVIEW_ID\fR \fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Displays information about a view.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVIEW_ID\fR
Id of the view to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
ID of bucket

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Describe a view associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Describe a view associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Describe a view associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Describe a view associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a view in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha logging views describe my\-view \-\-bucket=my\-bucket \e
   \-\-location=global
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

