
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS_MOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta resource\-manager folders move \- move a folder to a new position within the same organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta resource\-manager folders move\fR \fIFOLDER_ID\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Move the given folder under a new parent folder or under the
organization. Exactly one of \-\-folder or \-\-organization must be provided.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no folder with the given ID.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no parent with the given type and ID.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The new parent is not in the same organization of the given folder.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Permission missing for performing this move.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
ID for the folder you want to move.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Whether to return an asynchronous long\-running operation immediately instead of
waiting for the operation to finish

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
ID for the folder to use as a parent

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
ID for the organization to use as a parent


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command moves a folder with the ID \f5123456789\fR into a folder
with the ID \f52345\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager folders move 123456789 \-\-folder=2345
.RE

The following command moves a folder with the ID \f5123456789\fR into an
organization with ID \f51234\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager folders move 123456789 \e
    \-\-organization=1234
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager folders move
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders move
.RE

