
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAM_WORKLOAD\-IDENTITY\-POOLS_PROVIDERS_UPDATE\-AWS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools providers update\-aws \- update an AWS WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools providers update\-aws\fR (\fIPROVIDER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-workload\-identity\-pool\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR) [\fB\-\-account\-id\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-attribute\-condition\fR=\fIATTRIBUTE_CONDITION\fR] [\fB\-\-attribute\-mapping\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE_MAPPING\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-disabled\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an AWS WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider resource \- The WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider to
update. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[provider] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROVIDER\fR
ID of the WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider or fully qualified identifier for the
WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider. This positional must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workload\-identity\-pool\fR=\fIWORKLOAD_IDENTITY_POOL\fR
The ID to use for the pool, which becomes the final component of the resource
name. This value should be 4\-32 characters, and may contain the characters
[a\-z0\-9\-]. The prefix \f5gcp\-\fR is reserved for use by Google, and may not
be specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-account\-id\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR
The AWS account ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attribute\-condition\fR=\fIATTRIBUTE_CONDITION\fR
A Common Expression Language (https://opensource.google/projects/cel)
expression, in plain text, to restrict what otherwise valid authentication
credentials issued by the provider should not be accepted.

The expression must output a boolean representing whether to allow the
federation.

The following keywords may be referenced in the expressions:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5assertion\fR: JSON representing the authentication credential issued by the
provider.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5google\fR: The Google attributes mapped from the assertion in the
\f5attrubute_mappings\fR.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5attribute\fR: The custom attributes mapped from the assertion in the
\f5attribute_mappings\fR.

.RE
.RE
.sp
The maximum length of the attribute condition expression is 4096 characters. If
unspecified, all valid authentication credential are accepted.

The following example shows how to only allow credentials with a mapped
\f5google.groups\fR value of \f5admins\fR:

.RS 2m
"'admins' in google.groups"
.RE

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attribute\-mapping\fR=[\fIATTRIBUTE_MAPPING\fR,...]
Maps attributes from authentication credentials issued by an external identity
provider to Google Cloud attributes, such as \f5subject\fR and \f5segment\fR.

Each key must be a string specifying the Google Cloud IAM attribute to map to.

The following keys are supported:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5google.subject\fR: The principal IAM is authenticating. You can reference
this value in IAM bindings. This is also the subject that appears in Cloud
Logging logs. Cannot exceed 127 characters.

.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5google.groups\fR: Groups the external identity belongs to. You can grant
groups access to resources using an IAM \f5principalSet\fR binding; access
applies to all members of the group.

.RE
.RE
.sp
You can also provide custom attributes by specifying
\f5attribute.{custom_attribute}\fR, where \f5{custom_attribute}\fR is the name
of the custom attribute to be mapped. You can define a maximum of 50 custom
attributes. The maximum length of a mapped attribute key is 100 characters, and
the key may only contain the characters [a\-z0\-9\fI].

You can reference these attributes in IAM policies to define fine\-grained
access for a workload to Google Cloud resources. For example:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5google.subject\fR:
\f5principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/{project}/locations/{location}/workloadIdentityPools/{pool}/subject/{value}\fR

.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5google.groups\fR:
\f5principalSet://iam.googleapis.com/projects/{project}/locations/{location}/workloadIdentityPools/{pool}/group/{value}\fR

.IP "\(bu" 2m
\f5attribute.{custom_attribute}\fR:
\f5principalSet://iam.googleapis.com/projects/{project}/locations/{location}/workloadIdentityPools/{pool}/attribute.{custom_attribute}/{value}\fR

.RE
.sp
Each value must be a [Common Expression Language]
(https://opensource.google/projects/cel) function that maps an identity provider
credential to the normalized attribute specified by the corresponding map key.

You can use the \f5assertion\fR keyword in the expression to access a JSON
representation of the authentication credential issued by the provider.

The maximum length of an attribute mapping expression is 2048 characters. When
evaluated, the total size of all mapped attributes must not exceed 8KB.

For AWS providers, the following rules apply:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
If no attribute mapping is defined, the following default mapping applies:

.RS 2m
{
  "google.subject":"assertion.arn",
  "attribute.aws_role":
      "assertion.arn.contains('assumed\-role')"
      " ? assertion.arn.extract('{account_arn}assumed\-role/')"
      "   + 'assumed\-role/'"
      "   + assertion.arn.extract('assumed\-role/{role_name}/')"
      " : assertion.arn",
}
.RE

.IP "\(bu" 2m
If any custom attribute mappings are defined, they must include a mapping to the
\f5google.subject\fR attribute.

.RE
.sp

For OIDC providers, the following rules apply:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Custom attribute mappings must be defined, and must include a mapping to the
\f5google.subject\fR attribute. For example, the following maps the \f5sub\fR
claim of the incoming credential to the \f5subject\fR attribute on a Google
token.

.RS 2m
{"google.subject": "assertion.sub"}
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fRDESCRIPTION\fI
A description for the provider. Cannot exceed 256 characters.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disabled\fR
Whether the provider is disabled. You cannot use a disabled provider to exchange
tokens. However, existing tokens still grant access.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fRDISPLAY_NAME\fI
A display name for the provider. Cannot exceed 32 characters.


\fR
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiam/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates an AWS WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider with the ID
\'my\-workload\-identity\-pool\-provider'. Explicit values for all required and
optional parameters are provided.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools providers update\-aws \e
    \-\-location='global' \e
    \-\-workload\-identity\-pool='my\-workload\-identity\-pool' \e
    \-\-display\-name='My workload pool provider' \e
    \-\-description='My workload pool provider description' \e
    \-\-disabled \e
    \-\-attribute\-mapping='google.subject=assertion.arn' \e
    \-\-attribute\-condition='true' \e
    \-\-account\-id=1234567890
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools providers update\-aws
.RE

