
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS_MOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects move \- move a project into an organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects move\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Moves the given project into the given organization.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no project with the given ID.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no organization with the given ID, if an organization is given as the
destination.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no folder with the given ID, if a folder is given as the destination.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
More than one of organization or folder is provided.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The new destination is not in the same organization as the project, if the
project is already in an organization.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have the resourcemanager.projects.update permission
for the given project.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have the resourcemanager.projects.create permission
for the given organization.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The given project is already in an organization.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
ID for the project you want to move.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
ID for the folder to use as a parent

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
ID for the organization to use as a parent


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command moves a project with the ID \f5super\-awesome\-project\fR
into the organization \f525872158\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects move super\-awesome\-project \e
    \-\-organization=25872158
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta projects move
.RE

