
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_POLICY\-TAGS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog Policy Tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for the given Cloud Data Catalog Policy Tag as
defined in a JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy tag resource \- Policy tag for which to set the IAM policy. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [policy_tag] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR
ID of the policy tag or fully qualified identifier for the policy tag. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the policy tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR
Taxonomy of the policy tag.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the Policy Tag 'POLICY_TAG' with location
\'LOCATION' in the taxonomy 'TAXONOMY':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags set\-iam\-policy \e
    POLICY_TAG \-\-location=LOCATION \-\-taxonomy=TAXONOMY policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags set\-iam\-policy
.RE

