
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_PEERINGS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks peerings create \- create a Google Compute Engine network peering



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks peerings create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR \fB\-\-peer\-network\fR=\fIPEER_NETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-auto\-create\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-export\-custom\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-import\-custom\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-peer\-project\fR=\fIPEER_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine network peering.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the peering.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The name of the network in the current project to be peered with the peer
network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-network\fR=\fIPEER_NETWORK\fR
The name of the network to be peered with the current network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-create\-routes\fR
If set, will automatically create routes for the network peering. Note that a
backend error will be returned if this is not set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-custom\-routes\fR
If set, the network will export custom routes to peer network. Use
\-\-no\-export\-custom\-routes to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-custom\-routes\fR
If set, the network will import custom routes from peer network. Use
\-\-no\-import\-custom\-routes to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-project\fR=\fIPEER_PROJECT\fR
The name of the project for the peer network. If not specified, defaults to
current project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks peerings create
$ gcloud beta compute networks peerings create
.RE

