
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_EXTERNAL\-VPN\-GATEWAYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways create \- create a new Google Compute Engine external VPN gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-interfaces\fR=[\fIID\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,...] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways create\fR creates
a new external VPN gateway.

External VPN gateway is the on\-premises VPN gateway or another cloud provider's
VPN gateway that connects to your Google Cloud VPN gateway. To create a highly
available VPN from Google Cloud to your on\-premises side or another Cloud
provider's VPN gateway, you must create a external VPN gateway resource in
Google Cloud Platform, which provides the information to Google Cloud Platform
about your external VPN gateway.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the external VPN gateway to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interfaces\fR=[\fIID\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,...]
Map of interfaces from interface ID to interface IP address for the External VPN
Gateway.

There can be one, two, or four interfaces in the map.

For example, to create an external VPN gateway with one interface:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways create \e
    MY\-EXTERNAL\-GATEWAY \-\-interfaces 0=8.9.9.9
.RE

To create an external VPN gateway with two interfaces: $ gcloud alpha compute
external\-vpn\-gateways create \e MY\-EXTERNAL\-GATEWAY \-\-interfaces
0=8.9.9.9,1=8.9.9.10

To create an external VPN gateway with four interfaces: $ gcloud alpha compute
external\-vpn\-gateways create \e MY\-EXTERNAL\-GATEWAY \e \-\-interfaces
0=8.9.9.9,1=8.9.9.10,2=8.9.9.11,3=8.9.9.12

Note that the redundancy type of the gateway will be automatically inferred
based on the number of interfaces provided:

.RS 2m
1 interface: `SINGLE_IP_INTERNALLY_REDUNDANT`
.RE

.RS 2m
2 interfaces: `TWO_IPS_REDUNDANCY`
.RE

.RS 2m
4 interfaces: `FOUR_IPS_REDUNDANCY`
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Textual description of the External VPN Gateway.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an external VPN gateway, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways create \e
  my\-external\-gateway \-\-interfaces=0=8.9.9.9
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways create
$ gcloud beta compute external\-vpn\-gateways create
.RE

