
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_DEPLOYMENTS_START\-ROLLOUT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers deployments start\-rollout \- start Deployment rollout by providing a new game server template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers deployments start\-rollout\fR (\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-spec\-file\fR=\fISPEC_FILE\fR\ \fB\-\-template\-id\fR=\fITEMPLATE_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start Deployment rollout by providing a new game server template.
The game server template should include the game server spec that will be sent
to Agones during rollout.

A Deployment rollout updates game servers with a new image. The new image is
specified through the spec\-file field of game server template. It is a path to
a JSON or YAML file that contains game server spec that follows the format of
the spec field in Agones GameServer custom resource. Please see
https://agones.dev/site/docs/reference/gameserver/ for more details.

The new game server template can be specified either through creating a new
Deployment resource or through the start\-rollout verb on an existing Deployment
resource (\f5gcloud game servers deployments start\-rollout\fR).

Once the new game server template is specified, you can start the rollout by
changing the percentage of game servers that run the new image through the
set\-rollout\-target verb (\f5gcloud game servers deployments
set\-rollout\-target\fR). The set\-rollout\-target verb specifies labels for
clusters that should get the new image. It also specifies what percentage of
game servers in each of the specified clusters should run the new image.

Finally, you can finish the rollout using the commit verb (\f5gcloud game
servers deployments commit\fR). This will set the rollout percentage to 100 in
all clusters whose labels were previously specified by calling the
set\-rollout\-target verb.

If you need to revert a rollout, you can use the revert\-rollout verb (\f5gcloud
game servers deployments revert\-rollout\fR) which deletes game servers running
the new image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Deployment resource \- Cloud Game Server Deployment resource to start rollout
for. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[deployment] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT\fR
ID of the deployment or fully qualified identifier for the deployment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m

Game server template for a new rollout. In order to start a new rollout, you
should first add a game server template that includes the game server spec that
will be sent to Agones during rollout. The spec file is a path to a JSON or YAML
file that contains game server spec. The game server spec follows the format of
the spec field in Agones GameServer custom resource. Please see
https://agones.dev/site/docs/reference/gameserver/ for more details.



.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the game server template.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-spec\-file\fR=\fISPEC_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file that contains game server spec which is sent to
Agones. The game server spec follows the format of the spec field in Agones
GameServer custom resource. Please see
https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/master/examples/simple\-udp/gameserver.yaml
for example and
https://github.com/googleforgames/agones/blob/master/pkg/apis/agones/v1/gameserver.go
for GameServerTemplateSpec definition. Required when template\-id is specified.
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\-id\fR=\fITEMPLATE_ID\fR
ID of the game server template. Required when spec\-file is specified. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

