
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_VPC\-PEERINGS_ENABLE\-VPC\-SERVICE\-CONTROLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services vpc\-peerings enable\-vpc\-service\-controls \- enable VPC Service Controls for a connection



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services vpc\-peerings enable\-vpc\-service\-controls\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR;\ default="servicenetworking.googleapis.com"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command enables VPC service controls for a connection.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The network in the current project that is peered with the service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR; default="servicenetworking.googleapis.com"
The service to enable VPC service controls for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable VPC service controls for a connection peering a network called
\f5my\-network\fR on the current project to a service called \f5your\-service\fR
, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services vpc\-peerings enable\-vpc\-service\-controls \e
    \-\-network=my\-network \-\-service=your\-service
.RE

To run the same command asynchronously (non\-blocking), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services vpc\-peerings enable\-vpc\-service\-controls \e
    \-\-network=my\-network \-\-service=your\-service \-\-async
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta services vpc\-peerings enable\-vpc\-service\-controls
.RE

