
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TPUS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute tpus \- list, create, and delete Cloud TPUs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute tpus\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Cloud TPUs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccelerator\-types\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List or Describe Available Cloud TPU accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List or Describe Available Cloud TPU Locations.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore Available Tensorflow versions for Cloud TPUs.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud TPUs.

.TP 2m
\fBreimage\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Reimages the OS on a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start a Cloud TPU.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Stop a Cloud TPU.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute tpus
$ gcloud beta compute tpus
.RE

