
.TH "GCLOUD_DATASTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud datastore \- manage your Cloud Datastore resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud datastore\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Cloud Datastore is a highly\-scalable NoSQL database for your applications.
Cloud Datastore automatically handles sharding and replication, providing you
with a highly available and durable database that scales automatically to handle
your applications' load.

More information on Cloud Datastore can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/datastore and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/datastore/docs

export \-\- Export data to Google Cloud Storage

import \-\- Import data from Google Cloud Storage

indexes \-\- Manage your Cloud Firestore indexes.

operations \-\- Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Firestore.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBindexes\fR
Manage your Cloud Datastore indexes.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Datastore.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
Export Cloud Datastore entities to Google Cloud Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
Import Cloud Datastore entities from Google Cloud Storage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha datastore
$ gcloud beta datastore
.RE

