
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-pools \- control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-pools\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-health\-checks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an HTTP health check to a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add instances to a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Define a load\-balanced pool of virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete target pools.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-health\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the health of instances in a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine target pools.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-health\-checks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an HTTP health check from a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove instances from a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-backup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set a backup pool for a target pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-pools
$ gcloud beta compute target\-pools
.RE

