
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors create \- create an Attestor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors create\fR \fIATTESTOR\fR (\fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\-project\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create an Attestor.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The attestor to be created. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag
[ATTESTOR] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIATTESTOR\fR
The ID of the attestor or a fully qualified identifier for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Note resource \- The Container Analysis ATTESTATION_AUTHORITY Note to which the
created attestor will be bound.

.RE
.sp
For the attestor to be able to access and use the Note, the Note must exist and
the active gcloud account (core/account) must have the
\f5containeranalysis.occurrences.viewer\fR permission for the Note. This can be
achieved by granting the \f5containeranalysis.notes.viewer\fR role to the active
account for the Note resource in question.

.RS 2m
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.
.RE


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE\fR
The ID of the note or a fully qualified identifier for the note. This flag must
be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\-project\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE_PROJECT\fR
The Container Analysis project for the note.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description for the attestor


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors create
.RE

