
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_ASSETS_GET\-PARENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc assets get\-parent \- get the Parent for an asset given its resource name or asset id



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc assets get\-parent\fR [\fIORGANIZATION\fR] (\fB\-\-asset\fR=\fIASSET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-resource\-name\fR=\fIRESOURCE_NAME\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the Parent for an asset given its resource name or asset id.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Organization resource \- The organization to be used for the SCC (Security
Command Center) command. This represents a Cloud resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIORGANIZATION\fR]
ID of the organization or fully qualified identifier for the organization.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\fR=\fIASSET\fR
Cloud SCC specific asset. It's derived from the the asset's relative resource
name. See:
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#relative_resource_name. For
Example, for the given asset name: "organizations/123/assets/456", 456
represents asset id.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-name\fR=\fIRESOURCE_NAME\fR
Asset's resource name. Full resource name of the Google Cloud Platform resource
this asset represents. This field is immutable after create time. See:
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#full_resource_name. For
Example: "//cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/1234567890123" could be
the resource\-name for a project.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Get parent's relative resource name given an asset's full resource name
(https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#full_resource_name) e.g.
//storage.googleapis.com/my\-bucket under organization 123456:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc assets get\-parent 123456 \e
    \-\-resource\-name "//storage.googleapis.com/my\-bucket"
.RE

Get parent's relative resource name given an asset's Cloud SCC id 5678 under
organization 123456.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc assets get\-parent 123456 \-\-asset 5678
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

