
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_CERTIFICATES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca certificates list \- list certificates within a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca certificates list\fR [\fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=100] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List certificates within a project.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY resource \- The issuing Certificate Authority. If this is
omitted, Certificates issued by all Certificate Authorities in the given
location will be listed. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-issuer] on the command line with a fully specified name;
defaults to all Certificate Authorities in the given location with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuer\fR=\fIISSUER\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY or fully qualified identifier for the
CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. Alternatively, you can set the
property [privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=100
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB100\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all Certificates issued by a given Certificate Authority, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates list \-\-issuer=my\-ca \e
    \-\-location=us\-west1
.RE

To list all Certificates issued by all Certificate Authorities in a location,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates list \-\-location=us\-west1
.RE

You can omit the \-\-location flag in both of the above examples if you've
already set the privateca/location property. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set privateca/location us\-west1
.RE

.RS 2m
# The following is equivalent to the first example above.
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates list \-\-issuer=my\-ca
.RE

.RS 2m
# The following is equivalent to the second example above.
$ gcloud beta privateca certificates list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

