
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BUILDS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container builds \- create and manage builds



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container builds\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Create and manage builds.

This command is deprecated and will be removed on or after 2018\-10\-31. Please
use \f5gcloud builds\fR instead.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Cancel an ongoing build.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Get information about a particular build.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR List builds.

.TP 2m
\fBstream\-logs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Stream the logs for a build.

.TP 2m
\fBsubmit\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Submit a build using the Google Cloud Build
service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container builds
$ gcloud beta container builds
.RE

