
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_PRODUCTS_CATALOGS_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml products catalogs import \- import a Cloud Product Search Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml products catalogs import\fR \fISOURCE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command imports a Cloud Product Search Catalog from a CSV
file URI.

URI should point to a CSV file in Google Cloud Storage bucket and start with:
\f5gs://\fR

The file itself must contain one ReferenceImage record per row with the
following format:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
catalog_name \- The catalog ID to be created.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
image_uri \- The Google Cloud Storage location of the image. The URI must start
with gs://.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
product_id \- A user\-defined ID for the product identified by the reference
image. A product ID can be associated with multiple reference images. Restricted
to 255 characters including letters, numbers, underscore ( _ ) and hyphen (\-).
.IP "\(bu" 2m
product_category \- String specifing the product category for the image.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
bounding_poly \- A set of vertices defining the bounding polygon around the area
of interest in the image. Should be a list of an even number of integers
separated by commas (e.g. "p1_x,p1_y,p2_x,p2_y,...,pn_x,pn_y") specifying, the
vertices in clockwise order. Defaults to full image if empty.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISOURCE\fR
The Google Cloud Storage URI of the input CSV file for the catalog. The URI must
start with gs://.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import a product search catalog, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml products catalogs import \e
    gs://my\-bucket/my\-catalog.csv
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

