
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adds a policy binding to the IAM policy of a project, given a
project ID and the binding.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
ID for the project you want to add IAM policy binding to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:my\-sa@test\-123.iam.gserviceaccount.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on a project with identifier
\'example\-project\-id\-1'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    example\-project\-id\-1 \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

For a service account 'my\-sa' linked to project 'test\-123', the following
command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' to the
given service account:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding test\-123 \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:my\-sa@test\-123.iam.gserviceaccount.com'\e
 \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for all authenticated users on a project with identifier
\'example\-project\-id\-1':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    example\-project\-id\-1 \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta projects add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

