
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-SCHEDULING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances set\-scheduling \- set scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances set\-scheduling\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-[no\-]restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-on\-host\-maintenance\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB$gcloud alpha compute instances set\-scheduling\fR is used to
configure scheduling options for Google Compute Engine virtual machines.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]restart\-on\-failure\fR
The instances will be restarted if they are terminated by Compute Engine. This
does not affect terminations performed by the user. Use
\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to enable and \fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR
to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Maintenance Behavior. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
(DEPRECATED) Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines
undergo maintenance. The default is MIGRATE.

The \-\-maintenance\-policy flag is now deprecated. Please use
\f5\-\-on\-host\-maintenance\fR instead. \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one
of:

.TP 2m
\fBMIGRATE\fR
The instances should be migrated to a new host. This will temporarily impact the
performance of instances during a migration event.
.TP 2m
\fBTERMINATE\fR
The instances should be terminated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-on\-host\-maintenance\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
Specifies the behavior of the instances when their host machines undergo
maintenance. The default is MIGRATE. \fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one of:

.TP 2m
\fBMIGRATE\fR
The instances should be migrated to a new host. This will temporarily impact the
performance of instances during a migration event.
.TP 2m
\fBTERMINATE\fR
The instances should be terminated.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances set\-scheduling
$ gcloud beta compute instances set\-scheduling
.RE

