
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES_FIELDS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields update \- update a Cloud Data Catalog tag template field



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields update\fR (\fIFIELD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR) [\fB\-\-add\-enum\-values\fR=[\fIADD_ENUM_VALUES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-required\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Data Catalog tag template field.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag template field resource \- Tag template field to update. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [field] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFIELD\fR
ID of the tag template field or fully qualified identifier for the tag template
field. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
Tag template of the tag template field.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-enum\-values\fR=[\fIADD_ENUM_VALUES\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of enum values to add to the tag template field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Display name of the tag template field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-required\fR
Indicates if the tag template field is required. Updating from FALSE (optional)
to TRUE (required) is NOT allowed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update the display name of a tag template field:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields update FIELD \e
    \-\-display\-name=NAME
.RE

Add enum values 'A' and 'B' to tag template field:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields update FIELD \e
    \-\-add\-enum\-values=A,B
.RE

Set a tag template field to be optional:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields update FIELD \e
    \-\-no\-required
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog tag\-templates fields update
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields update
.RE

