
.TH "GCLOUD_SPANNER_BACKUPS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud spanner backups delete \- delete an existing backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud spanner backups delete\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete an existing backup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- Cloud Spanner backup to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the command line with a
fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Spanner instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a backup, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner backups delete BACKUP_NAME \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner backups delete
$ gcloud beta spanner backups delete
.RE

