
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_NAMESPACES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces delete \- delete a namespace



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces delete\fR (\fINAMESPACE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a namespace.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Namespace resource \- The Service Directory namespace to delete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [namespace] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAMESPACE\fR
ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the namespace.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a Service Directory namespace, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces delete my\-namespace \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces delete
.RE

