
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_UPDATE\-DRY\-RUN\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters update\-dry\-run\-config \- update the dry\-run config for an existing Service Perimeter



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters update\-dry\-run\-config\fR (\fIPERIMETER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-clear\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-add\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-access\-levels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-add\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-resources\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-add\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-restricted\-services\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-enable\-vpc\-accessible\-services\fR\ \fB\-\-add\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC_SERVICE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC_SERVICE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Update the dry\-run config for an existing
Service Perimeter.

This command is deprecated. Please use \f5gcloud beta access\-context\-manager
perimeters dry\-run\fR to manage dry\-run state.

gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters update\-dry\-run\-config
updates the dry run config (\f5spec\fR) on the service perimeter resource. The
dry run config will not be enforced, but will be dry run. This allows for
testing the config before rolling it out.

Note: The \f5dry_run\fR field will be set to \f5true\fR unless the
\f5\-\-clear\fR flag is specified, in which case all dry run config values will
be removed.

For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1alpha/accessPolicies.servicePerimeters



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Perimeter resource \- The service perimeter to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPERIMETER\fR
ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\fR
If set, clear all dry run config values on the perimeter and set \f5dry_run\fR
to \f5false\fR.

.TP 2m

These flags modify the member access levels of this perimeter. An
intra\-perimeter request must satisfy these access levels (for example,
\f5MY_LEVEL\fR; must be in the same access policy as this perimeter) to be
allowed. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current access levels.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-access\-levels\fR
Empty the current access levels.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-access\-levels\fR=[\fILEVEL\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current access levels.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member resources of this perimeter. Resources must be
projects, in the form \f5projects/<projectnumber>\fR. At most one of these may
be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-resources\fR
Empty the current resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current resources.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member restricted services of this perimeter. The
perimeter boundary DOES apply to these services (for example,
\f5storage.googleapis.com\fR). At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current restricted services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-restricted\-services\fR
Empty the current restricted services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fISERVICE\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current restricted services.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-vpc\-accessible\-services\fR
When specified restrict API calls within the Service Perimeter to the set of vpc
allowed services. To disable use '\-\-no\-enable\-vpc\-accessible\-services'.

.TP 2m

These flags modify the member vpc allowed services of this perimeter. Services
allowed to be called within the Perimeter when VPC Accessible Services is
enabled At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC_SERVICE\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current vpc allowed services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR
Empty the current vpc allowed services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC_SERVICE\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current vpc allowed services.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

