
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_LOCAL_PREDICT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine local predict \- run prediction locally



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine local predict\fR \fB\-\-model\-dir\fR=\fIMODEL_DIR\fR (\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-json\-request\fR=\fIJSON_REQUEST\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR) [\fB\-\-framework\fR=\fIFRAMEWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-signature\-name\fR=\fISIGNATURE_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta ml\-engine local predict\fR performs prediction
locally with the given instances. It requires the TensorFlow SDK
(https://www.tensorflow.org/install) be installed locally. The output format
mirrors \f5gcloud ai\-platform predict\fR (online prediction).

You cannot use this command with custom prediction routines.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-dir\fR=\fIMODEL_DIR\fR
Path to the model.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-instances\fR=\fIJSON_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in JSON
format; newline delimited.

An example of the JSON instances file:

.RS 2m
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 3}
{"images": [0.0, ..., 0.1], "key": 2}
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-request\fR=\fIJSON_REQUEST\fR
Path to a local file containing the body of JSON request.

An example of a JSON request:

.RS 2m
{
  "instances": [
    {"x": [1, 2], "y": [3, 4]},
    {"x": [\-1, \-2], "y": [\-3, \-4]}
  ]
}
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-text\-instances\fR=\fITEXT_INSTANCES\fR
Path to a local file from which instances are read. Instances are in UTF\-8
encoded text format; newline delimited.

An example of the text instances file:

.RS 2m
107,4.9,2.5,4.5,1.7
100,5.7,2.8,4.1,1.3
...
.RE

This flag accepts "\-" for stdin.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-framework\fR=\fIFRAMEWORK\fR
ML framework used to train this version of the model. If not specified, defaults
to 'tensorflow'. \fIFRAMEWORK\fR must be one of: \fBscikit\-learn\fR,
\fBtensorflow\fR, \fBxgboost\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-signature\-name\fR=\fISIGNATURE_NAME\fR
Name of the signature defined in the SavedModel to use for this job. Defaults to
DEFAULT_SERVING_SIGNATURE_DEF_KEY in
https://www.tensorflow.org/api_docs/python/tf/compat/v1/saved_model/signature_constants,
which is "serving_default". Only applies to TensorFlow models.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine local predict
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine local predict
.RE

