
.TH "GCLOUD_LOGGING_METRICS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud logging metrics update \- updates the definition of a logs\-based metric



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud logging metrics update\fR \fIMETRIC_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Updates the description or the filter expression of an existing logs\-based
metric.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMETRIC_NAME\fR
The name of the log\-based metric to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Data about the metric to update. At least one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A new description for the metric. If omitted, the description is not changed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
A new filter string for the metric. If omitted, the filter is not changed.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the description of a metric called high_severity_count, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging metrics update high_severity_count \e
    \-\-description="Count of high\-severity log entries."
.RE

To update the filter expression of the metric, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging metrics update high_severity_count \e
    \-\-log\-filter="severity >= WARNING"
.RE

Detailed information about filters can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/logging/docs/view/advanced_filters



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging metrics update
.RE

