
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_CERTIFICATES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates update \- update a certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates update\fR \fICERTIFICATE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-certificate\-file\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_FILE\fR\ \fB\-\-private\-key\-file\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command updates existing certificate.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate resource \- The certificate to update. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[certificate] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [certificate] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE\fR
ID of the certificate or fully qualified identifier for the certificate.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Text description of a certificate.

.TP 2m

Arguments to configure self\-managed certificate data.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\-file\fR=\fICERTIFICATE_FILE\fR
The certificate data in PEM\-encoded form. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\-file\fR=\fIPRIVATE_KEY_FILE\fR
The private key data in PEM\-encoded form. This flag must be specified if any of
the other arguments in this group are specified.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a certificate with name simple\-cert, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates update simple\-cert \e
    \-\-description="desc" \-\-update\-labels="key=value"
    \-\-certificate\-file=cert.pem \-\-private\-key\-file=key.pem
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

