
.TH "GCLOUD_IOT_REGISTRIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iot registries update \- update a device registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iot registries update\fR (\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-enable\-http\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-mqtt\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-event\-notification\-config\fR=[\fIsubfolder\fR=\fISUBFOLDER\fR],[\fItopic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR]] [\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fILOG_LEVEL\fR] [\fB\-\-state\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fISTATE_PUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a device registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [registry] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRY\fR
ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-http\-config\fR
Whether to allow device connections to the HTTP bridge.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-mqtt\-config\fR
Whether to allow MQTT connections to this device registry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-event\-notification\-config\fR=[\fIsubfolder\fR=\fISUBFOLDER\fR],[\fItopic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR]
The configuration for notification of telemetry events received from the device.
This flag can be specified multiple times to add multiple configs to the device
registry. Configs are added to the registry in the order the flags are
specified. Only one config with an empty subfolder field is allowed and must be
specified last.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBtopic\fR
A Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic name for event notifications

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBsubfolder\fR
If the subfolder name matches this string exactly, this configuration will be
used to publish telemetry events. If empty all strings are matched.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-level\fR=\fILOG_LEVEL\fR
The default logging verbosity for activity from devices in this registry. The
verbosity level can be overridden by setting a specific device's log level.

\fILOG_LEVEL\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdebug\fR
All events will be logged
.TP 2m
\fBerror\fR
Error events will be logged.
.TP 2m
\fBinfo\fR
Informational events will be logged, such as connections and disconnections.
Also includes error events.
.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
Disables logging.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fISTATE_PUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
A Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic name for state notifications.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates the device registry 'my\-registry' in region
\'us\-central1'. It enables MQTT and HTTP connections and sets
\'pubsub\-topic\-name' as the Cloud Pub/Sub topic for state notifications.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries update my\-registry \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-enable\-http\-config \-\-enable\-mqtt\-config \e
    \-\-state\-pubsub\-topic=pubsub\-topic\-name
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot registries update
$ gcloud beta iot registries update
.RE

