
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_EXPORT_CSV" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql export csv \- exports data from a Cloud SQL instance to a CSV file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql export csv\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR \fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...],\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance to a Google Cloud Storage bucket as a
plain text file with one line per row and comma\-separated fields.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
The path to the file in Google Cloud Storage where the export will be stored.
The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/fileName. If the file already exists, the
operation fails. If the filename ends with .gz, the contents are compressed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR
A SQL SELECT query (e.g., SELECT * FROM table) that specifies the data to
export.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...], \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR,[\fIDATABASE\fR,...]
Database(s) from which the export is made. Information on requirements can be
found here:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/admin\-api/v1beta4/instances/export#exportContext.databases


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql export csv
$ gcloud beta sql export csv
.RE

