
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_TOPICS_LIST\-SUBSCRIPTIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub topics list\-subscriptions \- lists Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions from a given topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub topics list\-subscriptions\fR \fITOPIC\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Lists all of the Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions attached to the given
topic and that match the given filter.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
Name of the topic to list subscriptions for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To filter results by subscription name (ie. only show subscription 'mysubs'),
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics list\-subscriptions \-\-topic mytopic \e
    \-\-filter=subscriptionId:mysubs
.RE

To combine multiple filters (with AND or OR), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics list\-subscriptions \-\-topic mytopic \e
    \-\-filter="subscriptionId:mysubs1 AND subscriptionId:mysubs2"
.RE

To filter subscriptions that match an expression:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics list\-subscriptions \-\-topic mytopic \e
    \-\-filter="subscriptionId:subs_*"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics list\-subscriptions
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics list\-subscriptions
.RE

