
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_CLUSTERS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers clusters delete \- delete a Game Server Cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers clusters delete\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR) \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR [\fB\-\-preview\-time\fR=\fIPREVIEW_TIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Game Server Cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Game Server Cluster resource \- Cloud Game Server Cluster to delete. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the Game Server Cluster or fully qualified identifier for the Game Server
Cluster. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR
Cloud Game Server Realm.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Validate the operation, but do not execute it.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\-time\fR=\fIPREVIEW_TIME\fR
This attribute is only relevant for preview (\-\-dry\-run). It is used to
validate the state for a future time.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the gameservices API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete Game Server Cluster 'my\-cluster' in project 'my\-project', realm
\'my\-realm', and location 'my\-location' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers clusters delete my\-cluster \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-realm=my\-realm \-\-location=my\-location \e
    \-\-no\-dry\-run
.RE

To preview deletion of Game Server Cluster 'my\-cluster' in project
\'my\-project', realm 'my\-realm', and location 'my\-location' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers clusters delete my\-cluster \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-realm=my\-realm \-\-location=my\-location \e
    \-\-dry\-run
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters delete
.RE

