
.TH "GCLOUD_AUTH_CONFIGURE\-DOCKER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud auth configure\-docker \- register \f5gcloud\fR as a Docker credential helper



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud auth configure\-docker\fR [\fIREGISTRIES\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

gcloud auth configure\-docker adds the Docker \f5credHelper\fR entry to Docker's
configuration file, or creates the file if it doesn't exist. This will register
\f5gcloud\fR as the credential helper for all Google\-supported Docker
registries. If the Docker configuration already contains a \f5credHelper\fR
entry, it will be overwritten.

Note, \f5docker\fR and \f5gcloud\fR need to be on the same system \f5PATH\fR to
work correctly.

For more details on Docker credential helpers, see
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential\-helpers.

For more details on the Google Container Registry's Docker credential helper,
see https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/docker\-credential\-gcr.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIREGISTRIES\fR]
The comma\-separated list of registries to configure the credential helper for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha auth configure\-docker
$ gcloud beta auth configure\-docker
.RE

