
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog tags delete \- delete a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog tags delete\fR (\fITAG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\fR=\fIENTRY\fR\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag resource \- Entry tag to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [tag] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAG\fR
ID of the tag or fully qualified identifier for the tag. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\fR=\fIENTRY\fR
Entry of the tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Delete a Cloud Data Catalog entry tag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tags delete TAG
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tags delete
.RE

