
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_ENTITY\-TYPES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types delete \- delete a Dialogflow entity type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types delete\fR \fIENTITY_TYPE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Dialogflow entity type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

EntityType resource \- Entity type to delete. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [entity_type]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTITY_TYPE\fR
ID of the entityType or fully qualified identifier for the entityType.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an entity type:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types delete \e
    12345678\-1234\-1234\-1234\-1234567890ab
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

