
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SNAPSHOTS_ADD\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute snapshots add\-labels \- add labels to Google Compute Engine snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute snapshots add\-labels\fR \fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR \fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute snapshots add\-labels\fR adds labels to a
Google Compute Engine snapshot. For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute snapshots add\-labels example\-snapshot \e
    \-\-labels=k0=v0,k1=v1
.RE

will add key\-value pairs \f5\fIk0\fR\fR=\f5\fIv0\fR\fR and
\f5\fIk1\fR\fR=\f5\fIv1\fR\fR to 'example\-snapshot'.

Labels can be used to identify the snapshot and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute snapshots list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute snapshots describe example\-snapshot \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR
The name of the snapshot to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of labels to add.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute snapshots add\-labels
$ gcloud beta compute snapshots add\-labels
.RE

