
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_TRANSACTION_REMOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction remove \- append a record\-set deletion to the transaction



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction remove\fR \fIDATA\fR [\fIDATA\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR \fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR;\ default="transaction.yaml"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command appends a record\-set deletion to the transaction.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATA\fR [\fIDATA\fR ...]
DNS name of the record\-set to be removed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
DNS name of the record\-set to be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ttl\fR=\fITTL\fR
TTL for the record\-set to be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Type of the record\-set to be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Name of the managed\-zone whose record\-sets you want to manage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR; default="transaction.yaml"
Path of the file which contains the transaction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an A record, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction remove \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE \-\-name=my.domain. \-\-ttl=1234 \e
    \-\-type=A "1.2.3.4"
.RE

To remove a TXT record with multiple data values, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction remove \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE \-\-name=my.domain. \-\-ttl=2345 \e
    \-\-type=TXT "Hello world" "Bye world"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction remove
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction remove
.RE

