
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups describe \- display detailed information about an instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups describe\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups describe\fR displays all
data associated with an instance group in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the instance group to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the instance group to describe. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance group to describe. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a regional instance group in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR
regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups describe \-\-region=us\-central1
To get details about a zonal instance group in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-b\fR\fR
zone, run:
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups describe \-\-zone=us\-central1\-b
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups describe
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups describe
.RE

