
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-APPROVAL_SETTINGS_GET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-approval settings get \- get Access Approval settings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-approval settings get\fR [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the Access Approval settings associated with a project, a
folder, or organization.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
folder number. only one of \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization can be
provided. If none are provided then it uses config property [core/project].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
organization number. either \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization must be
provided. If none are provided then it uses config property [core/project].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR
project number or id. only one of \-\-project, \-\-folder, or \-\-organization
can be provided. If none are provided then it uses config property
[core/project].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the settings for the current project use

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval settings get
.RE

To get the settings for folder f1 use

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-approval settings get \-\-folder=f1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

