
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAM_ROLES_COPY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iam roles copy \- create a role from an existing role



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iam roles copy\fR [\fB\-\-dest\-organization\fR=\fIDEST_ORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-dest\-project\fR=\fIDEST_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-organization\fR=\fISOURCE_ORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-project\fR=\fISOURCE_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command creates a role from an existing role.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dest\-organization\fR=\fIDEST_ORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the destination role.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dest\-project\fR=\fIDEST_PROJECT\fR
The project of the destination role.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
The destination role id for the new custom role. For example: viewer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
The source role name or id.For curated roles, for example: roles/viewer.For
custom roles, for example: viewer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-organization\fR=\fISOURCE_ORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the source role if it is an custom role.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-project\fR=\fISOURCE_PROJECT\fR
The project of the source role if it is an custom role.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a copy of an existing role into an organization with ORGANIZATION_ID.

.RS 2m
$gcloud beta iam roles copy \-\-source "roles/viewer" \-\-destination CustomViewer
 \-\-dest\-organization ORGANIZATION_ID
.RE

To create a copy of an existing role into a project with PROJECT_ID.

.RS 2m
$gcloud beta iam roles copy \-\-source "roles/spanner.databaseAdmin"
 \-\-destination CustomSpannerDbAdmin \-\-dest\-project PROJECT_ID
.RE

To modify the newly created role see the roles update command.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles copy
.RE

