
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_POLICY_NAMESPACES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container policy namespaces delete \- delete a Kubernetes Managed Namespace



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container policy namespaces delete\fR \fINAMESPACE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Kubernetes Managed Namespace.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Namespace resource \- The namespace to delete. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [namespace] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAMESPACE\fR
ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

