
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_KMS_KEYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta kms keys create \- create a new key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta kms keys create\fR \fIKEY\fR \fB\-\-purpose\fR=\fIPURPOSE\fR [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a new key within the given keyring.

The optional flags \f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR and \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR
define a rotation schedule for the key. A schedule can also be defined by the
\f5create\-rotation\-schedule\fR command.

The flag \f5\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR must be in ISO or RFC3339 format, and
\f5\-\-rotation\-period\fR must be in the form INTEGER[UNIT], where units can be
one of seconds (s), minutes (m), hours (h) or days (d).

The optional flag '\-\-labels' defines a user specified key/value pair for the
given crypto_key.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
Name of the key to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-purpose\fR=\fIPURPOSE\fR
The "purpose" of the key. \fIPURPOSE\fR must be (currently only one value is
supported): \fBencryption\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the requested resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-next\-rotation\-time\fR=\fINEXT_ROTATION_TIME\fR
Next automatic rotation time of the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-rotation\-period\fR=\fIROTATION_PERIOD\fR
Automatic rotation period of the key. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on duration formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a key named \f5frodo\fR within the keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys create frodo \e
    \-\-location us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \e
    \-\-purpose encryption
.RE

The following command creates a key named \f5strider\fR within the keyring
\f5rangers\fR and location \f5global\fR with a specified rotation schedule:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys create strider \e
    \-\-location global \-\-keyring rangers \e
    \-\-purpose encryption \e
    \-\-rotation\-period 30d \e
    \-\-next\-rotation\-time 2017\-10\-12T12:34:56.1234Z
.RE

The following command creates a key named \f5foo\fR within the keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR with two specified labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta kms keys create foo \e
    \-\-location us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \e
    \-\-purpose encryption \e
    \-\-labels env=prod,team=kms
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys create
$ gcloud alpha kms keys create
.RE

