
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_SUBNETS_LIST\-USABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container subnets list\-usable \- returns subnets usable for cluster creation in a specific project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container subnets list\-usable\fR [\fB\-\-network\-project\fR=\fINETWORK_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Usability of subnetworks for cluster creation is dependent on the
IAM policy of the project's Google Kubernetes Engine Service Account. Use the
\fB\-\-project\fR flag to evaluate subnet usability in different projects. This
list may differ from the list returned by Google Compute Engine's
\f5list\-usable\fR command which returns subnets only usable by the caller.

To show subnetworks shared from a Shared\-VPC host project, use
\fB\-\-network\-project\fR to specify the project which owns the subnetworks.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-project\fR=\fINETWORK_PROJECT\fR
The project owning the subnetworks returned. This field is translated into the
expression \f5networkProjectId=[PROJECT_ID]\fR and ANDed to the \f5\-\-filter\fR
flag value.

Defaults to the \fB\-\-project\fR value.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all subnetworks usable for cluster creation in project \f5my\-project\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container subnets list\-usable \e
  \-\-project my\-project
.RE

List all subnetworks existing in project \f5my\-shared\-host\-project\fR usable
for cluster creation in project \f5my\-service\-project\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container subnets list\-usable \e
   \-\-project my\-service\-project \e
   \-\-network\-project my\-shared\-host\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

