
.TH "GCLOUD_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies list \- list Organization Policies associated with the specified resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies list\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-show\-unset\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with the organization policy. Exactly one of these
must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Project ID. Overrides the default \fBcore/project\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-unset\fR
Show available constraints. For more information about constraints, see
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/organization\-policy/understanding\-constraints


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command lists all set Organization Policies associated with
project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies list \-\-project=foo\-project
.RE

The following command lists all available constraints in addition to set
Organization Policies associated with project \f5foo\-project\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager org\-policies list \-\-project=foo\-project \e
    \-\-show\-unset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies list
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies list
.RE

