
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORK\-ENDPOINT\-GROUPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups update \- updates a Google Compute Engine network endpoint group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-endpoint\fR=[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-endpoint\fR=[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the network endpoint group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the network endpoint group to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

These flags can be specified multiple times to add/remove multiple endpoints. At
most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-endpoint\fR=[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]
The network endpoint to add to the network endpoint group. Allowed keys are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
instance \- Name of instance in same zone as network endpoint group.

.RS 2m
The VM instance must belong to the network / subnetwork associated
with the network endpoint group. If the VM instance is deleted, then
any network endpoint group that has a reference to it is updated.
The delete causes all network endpoints on the VM to be removed
from the network endpoint group.
.RE

.IP "\(bu" 2m
ip \- Optional IP address of the network endpoint.

.RS 2m
Optional IP address of the network endpoint. If the IP address is
not specified then, we use the primary IP address for the VM
instance in the network that the NEG belongs to.
.RE

.IP "\(bu" 2m
port \- Optional port for the network endpoint.

.RS 2m
Optional port for the network endpoint. If not specified and the
networkEndpointType is `GCE_VM_IP_PORT`, the defaultPort for the
network endpoint group will be used.
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-endpoint\fR=[\fIinstance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR],[\fIip\fR=\fIIP\fR],[\fIport\fR=\fIPORT\fR]
The network endpoint to detach from the network endpoint group. Allowed keys
are:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
instance \- Name of instance in same zone as network endpoint group.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
ip \- Optional IP address of the network endpoint.

.RS 2m
If the IP address is not specified then all network endpoints that
belong to the instance are removed from the NEG.
.RE

.IP "\(bu" 2m
port \- Optional port for the network endpoint. Required if the network endpoint
type is \f5GCE_VM_IP_PORT\fR.
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add two endpoints to a network endpoint group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups update my\-neg \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
  \-\-add\-endpoint instance=my\-instance1,ip=127.0.0.1,port=1234 \e
  \-\-add\-endpoint instance=my\-instance2
.RE

To remove two endpoints from a network endpoint group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups update my\-neg \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
  \-\-remove\-endpoint instance=my\-instance1,ip=127.0.0.1,port=1234 \e
  \-\-remove\-endpoint instance=my\-instance2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups update
.RE

