
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies create \- create a Compute Engine organization security policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies create\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies create\fR is used
to create organization security policies. An organization security policy is a
set of rules that controls access to various resources.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
Folder in which the organization security policy is to be created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization in which the organization security policy is to be created.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A textual name of the security policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an organization security policy under folder with ID ``123456789",
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies create create \e
\-\-folder=123456789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies create
.RE

