
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ARTIFACTS_PRINT\-SETTINGS_NPM" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta artifacts print\-settings npm \- print credential settings to add to the .npmrc file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta artifacts print\-settings npm\fR [\fB\-\-json\-key\fR=\fIJSON_KEY\fR] [\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR] [\fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Print credential settings to add to the .npmrc file for connecting
to an npm repository.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-json\-key\fR=\fIJSON_KEY\fR
Path to service account JSON key. If not specified, current active service
account credentials or a placeholder for gcloud credentials is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scope\fR=\fISCOPE\fR
The scope to associate with the Artifact Registry registry. If not specified,
Artifact Registry is set as the default registry.

.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Artifact Registry repository. If not specified, the
current artifacts/repository is used. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-repository] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print a snippet for the repository set in the \f5artifacts/repository\fR
property in the default location:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts print\-settings npm
.RE

To print a snippet for repository \f5my\-repository\fR in the default location:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts print\-settings npm \e
    \-\-repository="my\-repository"
.RE

To print a snippet using service account key:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts print\-settings npm \e
    \-\-json\-key=path/to/key.json
.RE

To print a snippet for the repository set in the \f5artifacts/repository\fR
property with scope @my\-company:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts print\-settings npm \-\-scope=@my\-company
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts print\-settings npm
.RE

