
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_TOPICS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub topics \- manage Cloud Pub/Sub topics



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub topics\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud Pub/Sub topics.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a topic.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describes a Cloud Pub/Sub topic.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Topic.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists Cloud Pub/Sub topics within a project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-subscriptions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions from a given topic.

.TP 2m
\fBpublish\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Publishes a message to the specified topic.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a topic.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set IAM policy for a topic.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Updates an existing Cloud Pub/Sub topic.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics
$ gcloud alpha pubsub topics
.RE

