
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_BUCKETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging buckets \- manage Cloud Logging buckets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging buckets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Cloud Logging buckets. A bucket is a
container of logs that can be managed as a unit, for example by setting the
retention period.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Displays information about a bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists the defined buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undelete a bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a bucket.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta logging buckets
.RE

