
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PROJECT\-INFO_ADD\-METADATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute project\-info add\-metadata \- add or update project\-wide metadata



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute project\-info add\-metadata\fR [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute project\-info add\-metadata\fR can be used
to add or update project\-wide metadata. Every instance has access to a metadata
server that can be used to query metadata that has been set through this tool.
Project\-wide metadata entries are visible to all instances. To set metadata for
individual instances, use \f5gcloud compute instances add\-metadata\fR. For
information on metadata, see https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/metadata

Only metadata keys that are provided are mutated. Existing metadata entries will
remain unaffected.

If you are using this command to manage SSH keys for your project, please note
the risks
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/adding\-removing\-ssh\-keys#risks)
of manual SSH key management as well as the required format for SSH key
metadata, available at
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/adding\-removing\-ssh\-keys



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances. Each metadata entry is a key/value pair separated by an equals sign.
Each metadata key must be unique and have a max of 128 bytes in length. Each
value must have a max of 256 KB in length. Multiple arguments can be passed to
this flag, e.g., \f5\fI\-\-metadata
key\-1=value\-1,key\-2=value\-2,key\-3=value\-3\fR\fR. The combined total size
for all metadata entries is 512 KB.

In images that have Compute Engine tools installed on them, such as the official
images (https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images), the following metadata
keys have special meanings:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\fR
Specifies a script that will be executed by the instances once they start
running. For convenience, \f5\fI\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR\fR can be used to
pull the value from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBstartup\-script\-url\fR
Same as \f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR except that the script contents are pulled
from a publicly\-accessible location on the web.


.RE
.RE
.sp
At least one of [\-\-metadata] or [\-\-metadata\-from\-file] is required.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR,[...]
Same as \f5\fI\-\-metadata\fR\fR except that the value for the entry will be
read from a local file. This is useful for values that are too large such as
\f5\fIstartup\-script\fR\fR contents.


.RE
.sp
At least one of [\-\-metadata] or [\-\-metadata\-from\-file] is required.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute project\-info add\-metadata
$ gcloud beta compute project\-info add\-metadata
.RE

