
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_IMAGES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute images \- list, create, and delete Compute Engine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute images\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create and manipulate Compute Engine images.

For more information about images, see the images documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images).

See also: Images API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/images).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
Add labels to Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdeprecate\fR
Manage deprecation status of Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\-from\-family\fR
Describe the latest image from an image family.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
Export a Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
Import an image into Compute Engine.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
Remove labels from Google Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine image.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update a Google Compute Engine image.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images
$ gcloud beta compute images
.RE

