
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_TRANSLATE_DETECT\-LANGUAGE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml translate detect\-language \- use the Google Cloud Translation API to detect languages



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml translate detect\-language\fR (\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-mime\-type\fR=\fIMIME_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR;\ default="global"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Detects the language of text in a request.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Contents group. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR
Content of the input in string format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR
Specify a local file path with content.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mime\-type\fR=\fIMIME_TYPE\fR
Format of the source text, for example, 'text/html', 'text/plain'. Defaults to
\'text/html'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
Language detection model to be used. If not specified, the default
(language\-detection/default) model is used. Authorization requires the
following Google IAM permission on the specified resource model:

.RS 2m
cloudtranslate.languageDetectionModels.predict
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR; default="global"
Location to make calls. Non\-global location is required for requests using
AutoML models. Currently, only 'us\-central1' is supported as a non\-global
location. Defaults to 'global'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtranslate/v3beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/quickstarts



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command detects the language of 'What beautiful weather!'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml translate detect\-language \e
    \-\-content='What beautiful weather!' \-\-zone=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml translate detect\-language
.RE

