
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_FOLDERS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders delete \- delete a folder



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders delete\fR \fIFOLDER_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a folder, given a valid folder ID.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no folder with the given ID.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete the given folder.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The folder to be deleted is not empty.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
ID for the folder you want to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a folder with the ID \f5123456789\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager folders delete 123456789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud resource\-manager folders delete
$ gcloud beta resource\-manager folders delete
.RE

