
.TH "GCLOUD_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud pubsub subscriptions add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud pubsub subscriptions add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Pub/Sub Subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- The subscription to add the IAM policy binding. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsub/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with subscription 'my\-subscription', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-subscription \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

For a service account test\-proj1@example.domain.com, the following command will
add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' to the given service
account:.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'

.RE

The following command will add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' for all authenticated users on a subscription with identifier
\'my\-subscription':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-subscription \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

