
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATASTORE_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha datastore import \- import Cloud Datastore entities from Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha datastore import\fR \fIINPUT_URL\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-kinds\fR=[\fIKIND\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-namespaces\fR=[\fINAMESPACE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-operation\-labels\fR=[\fIOPERATION_LABEL\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Imports entities into Google Cloud Datastore. Existing entities
with the same key are overwritten. The import occurs in the background and its
progress can be monitored and managed via the Operation resource that is
created. If an Import operation is cancelled, it is possible that a subset of
the data has already been imported to Cloud Datastore. This data will not be
removed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINPUT_URL\fR
Location of the import metadata. Must be a valid Google Cloud Storage object.
The file extension is 'overall_export_metadata'.

This location is the 'output_url' field of a previous export, and can be found
via the 'operations describe' command.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kinds\fR=[\fIKIND\fR,...]
A list specifying what kinds will be included in the operation. When omitted,
all Kinds are included. For example, to operate on only the 'Customer' and
\'Order' Kinds:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha datastore import \-\-kinds='Customer','Order'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespaces\fR=[\fINAMESPACE\fR,...]
A list specifying what namespaces will be included in the operation. When
omitted, all namespaces are included in the operation, including the default
namespace. To specify that \fBonly\fR the default namespace should be operated
on, use the special symbol '(default)'. For example, to operate on entities from
both the 'customers' and default namespaces:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha datastore import \-\-namespaces='(default)','customers'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-operation\-labels\fR=[\fIOPERATION_LABEL\fR,...]
A string:string map of custom labels to associate with this operation. For
example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha datastore import \e
    \-\-operation\-labels=comment='customer orders','sales rep'=pending
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore import
$ gcloud beta datastore import
.RE

