
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DLP_JOBS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dlp jobs cancel \- start the asynchronous cancellation of a Cloud DLP job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dlp jobs cancel\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start the asynchronous cancellation of a Cloud DLP job. The server
makes a best effort to cancel the job, but success is not guaranteed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The Cloud DLP job to cancel. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [job] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
The ID of the job or a fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdlp/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dlp/docs/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

