
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts delete \- delete a service account from a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts delete\fR \fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a service account from a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The service account to delete. The account should be formatted either as a
numeric service account ID or as an email, like this: 123456789876543212345 or
my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an service account from your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts delete \e
    my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts delete
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts delete
.RE

