
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IN\-PLACE\-SNAPSHOTS_ADD\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute in\-place\-snapshots add\-labels \- add labels to Google Compute Engine in\-place\-snapshotss



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute in\-place\-snapshots add\-labels\fR \fIIN_PLACE_SNAPSHOT_NAME\fR \fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute in\-place\-snapshots add\-labels\fR adds
labels to a Google Compute Engine in\-place\-snapshots.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIN_PLACE_SNAPSHOT_NAME\fR
Name of the in\-place snapshot to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of labels to add.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the in\-place snapshot to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the in\-place snapshot to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add key\-value pairs \f5\fIk0\fR\fR=\f5\fIv0\fR\fR and
\f5\fIk1\fR\fR=\f5\fIv1\fR\fR to 'example\-in\-place\-snapshots'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute in\-place\-snapshots add\-labels \e
    example\-in\-place\-snapshots \-\-labels=k0=v0,k1=v1
.RE

Labels can be used to identify the in\-place\-snapshots and to filter them. To
find a in\-place\-snapshots labeled with key\-value pair \f5\fIk1\fR\fR,
\f5\fIv2\fR\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute in\-place\-snapshots list \e
    \-\-filter='labels.k1:v2'
.RE

To list only the labels when describing a resource, use \-\-format

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute in\-place\-snapshots describe \e
    example\-in\-place\-snapshots \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

