
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_TOPICS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub topics \- manage Cloud Pubsub topics



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub topics\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Pubsub topics.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a topic.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub topics.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Cloud Pub/Sub topic.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a topic.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists Cloud Pub/Sub topics within a project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-snapshots\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists Cloud Pub/Sub snapshots from a given topic.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-subscriptions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions from a given topic.

.TP 2m
\fBpublish\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Publishes a message to the specified topic.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a topic.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Pub/Sub Topic.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR This feature is part of an invite\-only release of the Cloud
Pub/Sub API.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub topics
$ gcloud beta pubsub topics
.RE

