
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECOMMENDER_RECOMMENDATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recommender recommendations list \- list operations for a recommendation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recommender recommendations list\fR \fB\-\-recommender\fR=\fIRECOMMENDER\fR (\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command will list all recommendations for a give
cloud_entity_id, location and recommender. Currently the following
cloud_entity_types are supported, project, billing_account, folder and
organization.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recommender\fR=\fIRECOMMENDER\fR
Recommender to list recommendations for

.TP 2m

Resource that is associated with cloud entity type. Currently four mutually
exclusive flags are supported, \-\-project, \-\-billing\-account, \-\-folder,
\-\-organization. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT\fR
The Google Cloud Platform Billing Account ID to use for this invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder ID to use for this invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The Google Cloud Platform Organization ID to use for this invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The Google Cloud Platform Project Number to use for this invocation.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Lists recommendations for a Cloud project..RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha recommender recommendations list \e
    \-\-project=project\-name \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-recommender=google.compute.instance.MachineTypeRecommender

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud recommender recommendations list
$ gcloud beta recommender recommendations list
.RE

