
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_IMPORT_GCS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores import gcs \- import FHIR resources from Google Cloud Storage into a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores import gcs\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-content\-structure\fR=\fICONTENT_STRUCTURE\fR] [\fB\-\-error\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIERROR_GCS_URI\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import FHIR resources from Google Cloud Storage into a Cloud
Healthcare API FHIR store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store into which the data is
imported. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[fhir_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR
Cloud Storage source data locations. Each Cloud Storage object should be a text
file that contains newline\-delimited JSON structures conforming to the FHIR
standard.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-structure\fR=\fICONTENT_STRUCTURE\fR
Content structure in the source location. The default is BUNDLE.
\fICONTENT_STRUCTURE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbundle\fR
Each unit is a bundle, which contains one or more resources.

.TP 2m
\fBbundle\-pretty\fR
The entire file is one JSON bundle. The JSON can span multiple lines.

.TP 2m
\fBresource\fR
Each unit is a single resource.

.TP 2m
\fBresource\-pretty\fR
The entire file is one JSON resource. The JSON can span multiple lines.

.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-error\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIERROR_GCS_URI\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket/folder path to write files that contain error details.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import the FHIR resources from the existing bucket 'testGcsBucket' in the
folder 'someFolder' into the FHIR store 'test\-fhir\-store', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores import gcs test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-gcs\-uri=gs://testGcsBucket/someFolder \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE

To perform the same import, but importing resources with the content structure
of 'RESOURCE', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores import gcs test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-gcs\-uri=gs://testGcsBucket/someFolder \-\-dataset=test\-dataset \e
    \-\-content\-structure=RESOURCE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud healthcare fhir\-stores import gcs
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores import gcs
.RE

