
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha app \- manage your App Engine deployments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha app\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud app command group lets you deploy and manage your
Google App Engine apps. These commands replace their equivalents in the appcfg
tool.

App Engine is a platform for building scalable web applications and mobile
backends. App Engine provides you with built\-in services and APIs such as NoSQL
datastores, memcache, and a user authentication API, common to most
applications.

More information on App Engine can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/appengine and detailed documentation can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdomain\-mappings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View and manage your App Engine domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\-certificates\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View and manage your App Engine SSL certificates.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates an App Engine application.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To run your app locally in the development application server to simulate your
application running in production App Engine with sandbox restrictions and
services provided by App Engine SDK libraries, use the \f5dev_appserver.py\fR
command and your app's \f5app.yaml\fR configuration file to run:

.RS 2m
$ dev_appserver.py ~/my_app/app.yaml
.RE

For an in\-depth look into using the local development server, follow this guide
:
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/tools/using\-local\-server.

To deploy the code and configuration of your app to the App Engine server, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app deploy ~/my_app/app.yaml
.RE

To list all versions of all services of your existing deployments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app versions list
.RE

To generate all relevant config files for \f5~/my_app\fR (or emit an error
message if the directory contents are not recognized), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app gen\-config ~/my_app
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app
$ gcloud beta app
.RE

