
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_OPERATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container operations \- get and list operations for Google Kubernetes Engine clusters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container operations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get and list operations for Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a running operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an operation.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List operations for container clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Poll an operation for completion.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container operations
$ gcloud beta container operations
.RE

