
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_JOBS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq jobs cancel \- cancel a BigQuery job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq jobs cancel\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a BigQuery job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The BigQuery job to cancel. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command cancels a job named \f5my\-query\-job\fR and returns the
final state of the job:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq jobs cancel  my\-query\-job
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

