
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAP_WEB_ENABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iap web enable \- enable Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud\ IAP) on an IAP resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iap web enable\fR [\fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-id\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_ID\fR\ \fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-secret\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET\fR] [\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command enables Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy on an IAP
resource. OAuth 2.0 credentials must be set, or must have been previously set,
to enable IAP.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-id\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_ID\fR
OAuth 2.0 client ID to use.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-oauth2\-client\-secret\fR=\fIOAUTH2_CLIENT_SECRET\fR
OAuth 2.0 client secret to use.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR
Resource type of the IAP resource. \fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBapp\-engine\fR, \fBbackend\-services\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Service name. Required with \f5\-\-resource\-type=backend\-services\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable IAP on an App Engine application, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap web enable \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine
    \-\-oauth2\-client\-id=CLIENT_ID \-\-oauth2\-client\-secret=SECRET
.RE

To enable IAP on a backend service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap web enable \-\-resource\-type=backend\-service
    \-\-oauth2\-client\-id=CLIENT_ID \-\-oauth2\-client\-secret=SECRET
    \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web enable
.RE

