
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_TYPES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types describe \- describe a type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types describe\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Type name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR
Type provider name or its self\-link.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To display information about a type provider type

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types describe NAME \e
    \-\-provider=PROVIDER
.RE

If you want to see information for a composite type you can use

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager types describe NAME \e
    \-\-provider=composite \e
    \-\-format='yaml[json\-decode] (composite_type)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager types describe
.RE

