
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_JOBS_WAIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc jobs wait \- view the output of a job as it runs or after it completes



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc jobs wait\fR (\fIJOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR View the output of a job as it runs or after it completes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The ID of the job to wait for. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the job. Each Dataproc region constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute Engine zones
inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value
for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see a list of all jobs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs list
.RE

To display these jobs with their respective IDs and underlying REST calls, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs list \-\-format "table(reference.jobId)" \e
  \-\-limit 1 \-\-log\-http
.RE

To view the output of a job as it runs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs wait job_id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs wait
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs wait
.RE

