
.TH "GCLOUD_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_LEVELS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud access\-context\-manager levels update \- update an existing access level



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud access\-context\-manager levels update\fR (\fILEVEL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-level\-spec\fR=\fICUSTOM_LEVEL_SPEC\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-basic\-level\-spec\fR=\fIBASIC_LEVEL_SPEC\fR\ \fB\-\-combine\-function\fR=\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update an existing access level.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Level resource \- The access level to update. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILEVEL\fR
ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Long\-form description of access level.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
Short human\-readable title of the access level.

.TP 2m

Level specification. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Custom level specification.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-level\-spec\fR=\fICUSTOM_LEVEL_SPEC\fR
Path to a file representing an expression for an access level.

The expression is in the Common Expression Langague (CEL) format.For example:

.RS 2m
 expression: "origin.region_code in ['US', 'CA']"
.RE

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Basic level specification.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-basic\-level\-spec\fR=\fIBASIC_LEVEL_SPEC\fR
Path to a file containing a list of basic access level conditions.

An access level condition file is a YAML\-formatted list of conditions,which are
YAML objects representing a Condition as described in the API reference. For
example:

.RS 2m
 \- ipSubnetworks:
   \- 162.222.181.197/24
   \- 2001:db8::/48
 \- members
   \- user:user@example.com
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-combine\-function\fR=\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR
For a basic level, determines how conditions are combined.
\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR must be one of: \fBand\fR, \fBor\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels update
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager levels update
.RE

