
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORK\-ENDPOINT\-GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups create \- create a Google Compute Engine network endpoint group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-default\-port\fR=\fIDEFAULT_PORT\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-type\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_TYPE\fR;\ default="gce\-vm\-ip\-port"] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-cloud\-function\-name\fR=\fICLOUD_FUNCTION_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-cloud\-function\-url\-mask\fR=\fICLOUD_FUNCTION_URL_MASK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-cloud\-run\-service\fR=\fICLOUD_RUN_SERVICE\fR\ \fB\-\-cloud\-run\-tag\fR=\fICLOUD_RUN_TAG\fR\ \fB\-\-cloud\-run\-url\-mask\fR=\fICLOUD_RUN_URL_MASK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-[no\-]app\-engine\-app\fR\ \fB\-\-app\-engine\-service\fR=\fIAPP_ENGINE_SERVICE\fR\ \fB\-\-app\-engine\-url\-mask\fR=\fIAPP_ENGINE_URL_MASK\fR\ \fB\-\-app\-engine\-version\fR=\fIAPP_ENGINE_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine network endpoint group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the network endpoint group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-port\fR=\fIDEFAULT_PORT\fR
The default port to use if the port number is not specified in the network
endpoint.

If this flag isn't specified for a NEG with endpoint type
\f5gce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR or \f5non\-gcp\-private\-ip\-port\fR, then every network
endpoint in the network endpoint group must have a port specified. For a NEG
with endpoint type \f5internet\-ip\-port\fR and \f5internet\-fqdn\-port\fR. If
the default port is not specified the well known port for your backend protocol
will be used (80 for http, 443 for https).

This flag is not supported for NEGs with endpoint type \f5serverless\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Name of the network in which the NEG is created. \f5default\fR project network
is used if unspecified.

This is only supported for NEGs with endpoint type \f5gce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR,
\f5non\-gcp\-private\-ip\-port\fR, \f5gce\-vm\-primary\-ip\fR, or
\f5gce\-vm\-ip\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-type\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_TYPE\fR; default="gce\-vm\-ip\-port"
Determines the spec of endpoints attached to this group.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBgce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR
Endpoint IP address must belong to a VM in Google Compute Engine (either the
primary IP or as part of an aliased IP range). The \f5\-\-default\-port\fR must
be specified or every network endpoint in the network endpoint group must have a
port specified.

.TP 2m
\fBinternet\-ip\-port\fR
Endpoint IP address must be publicly routable address. The default port will be
used if specified. If the default port is not specified, the well known port for
your backend protocol will be used as the default port (80 for http, 443 for
https).

.TP 2m
\fBinternet\-fqdn\-port\fR
Endpoint FQDN must be resolvable to a public IP address via public DNS. The
default port will be used if specified. If the default port is not specified,
the well known port for your backend protocol will be used as the default port
(80 for http, 443 for https).

.TP 2m
\fBnon\-gcp\-private\-ip\-port\fR
Endpoint IP address must belong to a VM not in Google Compute Engine and must be
routable using a cloud router over VPN or an Interconnect. In this case the NEG
must be zonal. The \f5\-\-default\-port\fR must be specified or every network
endpoint in the network endpoint group must have a port specified.

.TP 2m
\fBgce\-vm\-primary\-ip\fR
Endpoint IP address must be the primary IP of a VM's primary network interface
in Google Compute Engine.

.TP 2m
\fBserverless\fR
The network endpoint is handled by specified serverless infrastructure, such as
Cloud Run, App Engine, or Cloud Function. Default port, network, and subnet are
not effective for serverless endpoints.

.TP 2m
\fBgce\-vm\-ip\fR
Endpoint must be the IP address of a VM's network interface in Google Compute
Engine. Instance reference is required. IP is optional, primary NIC address will
be used if no IP specified. Port must not be specified.

\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBgce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR,
\fBinternet\-ip\-port\fR, \fBinternet\-fqdn\-port\fR,
\fBnon\-gcp\-private\-ip\-port\fR, \fBgce\-vm\-primary\-ip\fR, \fBserverless\fR,
\fBgce\-vm\-ip\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Name of the subnet to which all network endpoints belong.

If not specified, network endpoints may belong to any subnetwork in the region
where the network endpoint group is created.

This is only supported for NEGs with endpoint type \f5gce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR,
\f5gce\-vm\-primary\-ip\fR, or \f5gce\-vm\-ip\fR.

.TP 2m

The serverless routing configurations are only valid when endpoint type of the
network endpoint group is \f5serverless\fR. At most one of these may be
specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Configuration for a Cloud Function network endpoint group. Cloud Function name
must be provided explicitly or in the URL mask.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-function\-name\fR=\fICLOUD_FUNCTION_NAME\fR
Cloud Function name to add to the Serverless NEG. The function must be in the
same project and the same region as the Serverless network endpoint groups
(NEG).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-function\-url\-mask\fR=\fICLOUD_FUNCTION_URL_MASK\fR
A template to parse function field from a request URL. URL mask allows for
routing to multiple Cloud Functions without having to create multiple network
endpoint groups and backend services.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Configuration for a Cloud Run network endpoint group. Cloud Run service must be
provided explicitly or in the URL mask. Cloud Run tag is optional, and may be
provided explicitly or in the URL mask.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-run\-service\fR=\fICLOUD_RUN_SERVICE\fR
Cloud Run service name to add to the Serverless network endpoint groups (NEG).
The service must be in the same project and the same region as the Serverless
NEG.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-run\-tag\fR=\fICLOUD_RUN_TAG\fR
Cloud Run tag represents the "named revision" to provide additional
fine\-grained traffic routing configuration.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-run\-url\-mask\fR=\fICLOUD_RUN_URL_MASK\fR
A template to parse service and tag fields from a request URL. URL mask allows
for routing to multiple Run services without having to create multiple network
endpoint groups and backend services.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Configuration for an App Engine network endpoint group. Both App Engine service
and version are optional, and may be provided explicitly or in the URL mask. The
\f5app\-engine\-app\fR flag is only used for default routing. The App Engine app
must be in the same project as the Serverless network endpoint groups (NEG).


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]app\-engine\-app\fR
If set, the default routing will be used. Use \fB\-\-app\-engine\-app\fR to
enable and \fB\-\-no\-app\-engine\-app\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-app\-engine\-service\fR=\fIAPP_ENGINE_SERVICE\fR
Optional serving service to add to the Serverless NEG.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-app\-engine\-url\-mask\fR=\fIAPP_ENGINE_URL_MASK\fR
A template to parse service and version fields from a request URL. URL mask
allows for routing to multiple App Engine services without having to create
multiple network endpoint groups and backend services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-app\-engine\-version\fR=\fIAPP_ENGINE_VERSION\fR
Optional serving version to add to the Serverless NEG.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the network endpoint group is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the network endpoint group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the network endpoint group to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a network endpoint group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups create my\-neg \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \-\-network=my\-network \-\-subnet=my\-subnetwork
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups create
$ gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups create
.RE

