
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances describe \- describe a virtual machine instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances describe\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances describe\fR displays all data associated with a
Google Compute Engine virtual machine instance.

It's possible to limit the the scope of the description by using the
\'\-\-format' flag. For details, see Filtering and formatting fun with gcloud
(https://cloud.google.com/blog/products/gcp/filtering\-and\-formatting\-fun\-with).



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to describe. For details on valid instance names, refer to
the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to describe. If not specified, the user may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user will
then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an instance named \f5\fItest\-instance\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances describe test\-instance
.RE

To output only a set of fields from the available information, specify it using
the '\-\-format' flag:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances describe test\-instance \e
    \-\-format="yaml(name,status,disks)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances describe
$ gcloud beta compute instances describe
.RE

