
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_TABLES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables describe \- retrieves information about a table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables describe\fR (\fITABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR;\ default="schema"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieves information about a table.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- Cloud Bigtable table to describe. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [table] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR; default="schema"
The view to be applied to the returned table's fields. \fIVIEW\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfull\fR
Populates all fields.
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
Only populates \f5name\fR.
.TP 2m
\fBreplication\fR
Only populates \f5name\fR and fields related to the table's replication.
.TP 2m
\fBschema\fR
Only populates \f5name\fR and fields related to the table's schema.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a table, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances tables describe TABLE_NAME \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

