
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_APP\-PROFILES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles create \- create a new Bigtable app_profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles create\fR (\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) (\fB\-\-route\-any\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-route\-to\fR=\fIROUTE_TO\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-transactional\-writes\fR]) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new Bigtable app_profile.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

App profile resource \- The app profile to create. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR
The ID of the app\-profile or a fully qualified identifier for the app\-profile.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Bigtable instance for the app\-profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Multi Cluster Routing Policy

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-route\-any\fR
Use Multi Cluster Routing policy.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Single Cluster Routing Policy

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-route\-to\fR=\fIROUTE_TO\fR
Cluster ID to route to using Single Cluster Routing policy. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transactional\-writes\fR
Allow transactional writes with a Single Cluster Routing policy.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Friendly name of the app\-profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Ignore warnings and force create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

