
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores create \- create a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores create\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-disable\-referential\-integrity\fR] [\fB\-\-disable\-resource\-versioning\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-update\-create\fR] [\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store to create. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [fhir_store] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-referential\-integrity\fR
Whether to disable referential integrity in this FHIR store. Default value is
false, meaning that the API will enforce referential integrity and fail the
requests that will result in inconsistent state in the FHIR store. When this
field is set to true, the API will skip referential integrity check. This field
is immutable after store creation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-resource\-versioning\fR
Whether to disable resource versioning for this FHIR store. If set to false,
which is the default behavior, all write operations will cause historical
versions to be recorded automatically. Historical versions can be fetched
through the history APIs, but cannot be updated. This field is immutable after
store creation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-update\-create\fR
Whether this FHIR store has the [updateCreate]
(https://www.hl7.org/fhir/capabilitystatement\-definitions.html#CapabilityStatement.rest.resource.updateCreate)
capability. Determines if the client can use an Update operation to create a new
resource with a client\-specified ID. If false, all IDs are server\-assigned
through the Create operation and attempts to Update a non\-existent resource
will return errors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic to send updates to.

Note, a topic needs to be created before publishing or subscribing to it. For
instructions on creating topics, refer to:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/admin#create_a_topic

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The FHIR specification version that this FHIR store supports natively. This
field is immutable after store creation. Requests are rejected if they contain
FHIR resources of a different version. An empty value is treated as STU3.
\fIVERSION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdstu2\fR
Draft Standard for Trial Use, Release 2 (https://www.hl7.org/fhir/DSTU2)

.TP 2m
\fBr4\fR
Release 4 (https://www.hl7.org/fhir/R4)

.TP 2m
\fBstu3\fR
Standard for Trial Use, Release 3 (https://www.hl7.org/fhir/STU3)

.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a FHIR store called 'test\-fhir\-store', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores create test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset \-\-version=r4
.RE

To create a fhir store with the Cloud Pub/Sub topic 'test\-pubsub\-topic', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores create test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset \-\-version=r4 \e
    \-\-pubsub\-topic=projects/my\-project/topics/test\-pubsub\-topic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud healthcare fhir\-stores create
$ gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores create
.RE

