
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PUBLIC\-ADVERTISED\-PREFIXES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute public\-advertised\-prefixes \- manage public advertised prefix resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute public\-advertised\-prefixes\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage public advertised prefix resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a Google Compute Engine public advertised prefix.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Google Compute Engine public advertised prefix.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Google Compute Engine public advertised prefix.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine public advertised prefixes.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a Google Compute Engine public advertised prefix.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

