
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SNAPSHOTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub snapshots create \- this feature is part of an invite\-only release of the Cloud Pub/Sub API



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub snapshots create\fR \fISNAPSHOT\fR [\fISNAPSHOT\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-subscription\fR=\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-subscription\-project\fR=\fISUBSCRIPTION_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates one or more Cloud Pub/Sub snapshots. This feature is part
of an invitation\-only release of the underlying Cloud Pub/Sub API. The command
will generate errors unless you have access to this API. This restriction should
be relaxed in the near future. Please contact cloud\-pubsub@google.com with any
questions in the meantime.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT\fR [\fISNAPSHOT\fR ...]
One or more snapshot names to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subscription\fR=\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
The subscription whose backlog the snapshot retains. Specifically, the created
snapshot is guaranteed to retain a) The existing backlog on the subscription,
i.e., the set of messages in the subscription that are unacknowledged upon the
successful completion of the create snapshot request, b) Any messages published
to the subscription's topic following the successful creation of the snapshot.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subscription\-project\fR=\fISUBSCRIPTION_PROJECT\fR
The name of the project the provided subscription belongs to. If not set, it
defaults to the currently selected cloud project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

