
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores update \- update a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores update\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-enable\-update\-create\fR] [\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- The Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store you want to update.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[fhir_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-update\-create\fR
Whether this FHIR store has the [updateCreate]
(https://www.hl7.org/fhir/capabilitystatement\-definitions.html#CapabilityStatement.rest.resource.updateCreate)
capability. Determines if the client can use an Update operation to create a new
resource with a client\-specified ID. If false, all IDs are server\-assigned
through the Create operation and attempts to Update a non\-existent resource
will return errors.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pubsub\-topic\fR=\fIPUBSUB_TOPIC\fR
Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic to send updates to.

Note, a topic needs to be created before publishing or subscribing to it. For
instructions on creating topics, refer to:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/admin#create_a_topic


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the Cloud Pub/Sub topic on a FHIR store 'test\-fhir\-store', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores update test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-pubsub\-topic=projects/my\-project/topics/test\-pubsub\-topic
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores update
.RE

