
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_WEB_GET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy \- get IAM policy for an IAP IAM resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy\fR [\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR\ \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy\fR displays the IAM
policy associated with an IAP IAM resource. If formatted as JSON, the output can
be edited and used as a policy file for set\-iam\-policy. The output includes an
"etag" field identifying the version emitted and allowing detection of
concurrent policy updates; see $ gcloud alpha iap web set\-iam\-policy for
additional details.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR
Resource type of the IAP IAM resource. \fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBapp\-engine\fR, \fBbackend\-services\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Service name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Service version. Should only be specified with
\f5\-\-resource\-type=app\-engine\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the IAM policy for the web accesses to the IAP protected resources within
the active project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy
.RE

To get the IAM policy for the web accesses to the IAP protected resources within
a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy \-\-project=PROJECT_ID
.RE

To get the IAM policy for the web accesses to the IAP protected resources within
an App Engine application, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine
.RE

To get the IAM policy for the web accesses to the IAP protected resources within
an App Engine service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine \e
    \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
.RE

To get the IAM policy for the web accesses to the IAP protected resources within
an App Engine service version, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine \e
    \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
    \-\-version=VERSION
.RE

To get the IAM policy for the web accesses to the IAP protected resources within
all backend services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy \e
    \-\-resource\-type=backend\-services
.RE

To get the IAM policy for the web accesses to the IAP protected resources within
a backend service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web get\-iam\-policy \e
    \-\-resource\-type=backend\-services \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iap web get\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta iap web get\-iam\-policy
.RE

