
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_POLICY_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz policy import \- import a Binary Authorization policy to the current project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz policy import\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-strict\-validation\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command accepts a description of the desired policy in the
form of a YAML\-formatted file. A representation of the current policy can be
retrieved using the $ gcloud alpha container binauthz policy export command. One
method of modifying the policy is to run \f5$ gcloud alpha container binauthz
policy export\fR, dump the contents to a file, modify the policy file to reflect
the desired new policy, and provide this modified file to \f5$ gcloud alpha
container binauthz policy import\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
The file containing the YAML\-formatted policy description.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-strict\-validation\fR
Whether to perform additional checks on the validity of policy contents.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the current project's policy:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz policy export > my_policy.yaml
$ edit my_policy.yaml
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz policy import my_policy.yaml
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz policy import
$ gcloud beta container binauthz policy import
.RE

