
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_CHANNELS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring channels delete \- delete a notification channel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring channels delete\fR \fICHANNEL\fR [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a notification channel.


.SH "EXAMPLES"
The following command will delete channel
\f5projects/12345/notificationChannels/67890\fR, but only if the channel is not
actively referenced by existing alerting policies:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels delete \e
    "projects/12345/notificationChannels/67890"
.RE

The following command will delete channel
\f5projects/12345/notificationChannels/67890\fR, even if the channel is still
actively referenced by alerting policies; if an existing policy references the
channel, it will be modified as a side\-effect to remove the channel.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels delete \e
    "projects/12345/notificationChannels/67890" \-\-force
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Notification channel resource \- The notification channel to delete. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [channel] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICHANNEL\fR
ID of the notification_channel or fully qualified identifier for the
notification_channel.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
If true, the notification channel will be deleted regardless of its use in
alerting policies (the policies will be updated to remove the channel).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v3\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring channels delete
.RE

