
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Sets the IAM policy for a workflow template, given a template ID and the policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to set the policy on. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [TEMPLATE] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud DataProc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
\f5global\fR is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a template with identifier 'example\-template'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates set\-iam\-policy \e
    example\-template policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-iam\-policy
.RE

