
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_API\-GATEWAY_APIS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis \- manage Cloud API Gateway APIs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud API Gateway APIs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new API.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes an API.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a specific API.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for an API.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List APIs.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding to a gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an API Gateway API.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway apis
.RE

