
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_IMAGES_LIST\-TAGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container images list\-tags \- list tags and digests for the specified image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container images list\-tags\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-occurrence\-filter\fR=\fIOCCURRENCE_FILTER\fR;\ default='kind\ =\ "BUILD_DETAILS"\ OR\ kind\ =\ "IMAGE_BASIS"\ OR\ kind\ =\ "DISCOVERY"'] [\fB\-\-no\-show\-occurrences\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-occurrences\-from\fR=\fISHOW_OCCURRENCES_FROM\fR;\ default=10] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...];\ default="~timestamp"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The container images list\-tags command of gcloud lists metadata
about tags and digests for the specified container image. Images must be hosted
by the Google Container Registry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
The name of the image to list tags for. The name format should be
*.gcr.io/PROJECT_ID/IMAGE_PATH.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-occurrence\-filter\fR=\fIOCCURRENCE_FILTER\fR; default='kind = "BUILD_DETAILS" OR kind = "IMAGE_BASIS" OR kind = "DISCOVERY"'
A filter for the Occurrences which will be summarized.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-occurrences\fR
Whether to show summaries of the various Occurrence types. Enabled by default,
use \fB\-\-no\-show\-occurrences\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-occurrences\-from\fR=\fISHOW_OCCURRENCES_FROM\fR; default=10
How many of the most recent images for which to summarize Occurences.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]; default="~timestamp"
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR. The
default is \fB~timestamp\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List the tags in a specified image:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container images list\-tags gcr.io/myproject/myimage
.RE

To receive the full, JSON\-formatted output (with untruncated digests):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container images list\-tags gcr.io/myproject/myimage \e
    \-\-format=json
.RE

To list digests without corresponding tags:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container images list\-tags gcr.io/myproject/myimage \e
    \-\-filter="NOT tags:*"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container images list\-tags
$ gcloud alpha container images list\-tags
.RE

