
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute health\-checks update \- update health checks for load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute health\-checks update\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update health checks for load balanced instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBhttp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a HTTP health check.

.TP 2m
\fBhttp2\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a HTTP2 health check.

.TP 2m
\fBhttps\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a HTTPS health check.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a SSL health check.

.TP 2m
\fBtcp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a TCP health check.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute health\-checks update
$ gcloud beta compute health\-checks update
.RE

