
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_NETWORK\-INTERFACES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces update \- update a Compute Engine virtual machine network interface



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces update\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-aliases\fR=\fIALIASES\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-private\-network\-ip\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK_IP\fR] [\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces update\fR
updates network interfaces of a Compute Engine virtual machine. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces update \e
    example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \-\-aliases r1:172.16.0.1/32
.RE

sets 172.16.0.1/32 from range r1 of the default interface's subnetwork as the
interface's alias IP.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-aliases\fR=\fIALIASES\fR
The IP alias ranges to allocate for this interface. If there are multiple IP
alias ranges, they are separated by semicolons.

Can be specified together with \-\-network and/or \-\-subnetwork to choose IP
alias ranges in the new subnetwork. If unspecified, then the previous IP alias
ranges will be allocated in the new subnetwork. If the previous IP alias ranges
are not available in the new subnetwork, then other available IP alias ranges of
the same size will be allocated in the new subnetwork.

For example:

.RS 2m
\-\-aliases="10.128.1.0/24;r1:/32"
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Specifies the network this network interface belongs to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
The name of the network interface to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-network\-ip\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK_IP\fR
Assign the given IP address to the interface. Can be specified only together
with \-\-network and/or \-\-subnetwork to choose the IP address in the new
subnetwork. If unspecified, then the previous IP address will be allocated in
the new subnetwork. If the previous IP address is not available in the new
subnetwork, then another available IP address will be allocated automatically
from the new subnetwork CIDR range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR
Specifies the subnetwork this network interface belongs to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances network\-interfaces update
$ gcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces update
.RE

