
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCT\-SETS_ADD\-PRODUCT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets add\-product \- add a product to the specified product set



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets add\-product\fR (\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-product\fR=\fIPRODUCT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a product to the specified product set. One product can be
added to at most 100 product sets.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Product set resource \- Product set to add product to. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [product_set] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR
ID of the product set or fully qualified identifier for the product set. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of product set.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\fR=\fIPRODUCT\fR
The id of the product to add to the product set. The product must be in the same
project and location as the specified product set.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add product 'my\-product' to product set 'my\-product\-set' in location
\'us\-east1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets add\-product \e
    my\-product\-set \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-product=my\-product
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets add\-product
.RE

