
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_DEVICES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot devices update \- update an existing device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot devices update\fR (\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fB\-\-blocked\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIPATH\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing device.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

DEVICE \- The device to update. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on
the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEVICE\fR
The ID of the device or a fully qualified identifier for the device. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-blocked\fR
If blocked, connections from this device will fail.

Can be used to temporarily prevent the device from connecting if, for example,
the sensor is generating bad data and needs maintenance.



Use \f5\-\-no\-blocked\fR to enable connections and \f5\-\-blocked\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The metadata key/value pairs assigned to devices. This metadata is not
interpreted or indexed by Cloud IoT Core. It can be used to add contextual
information for the device.

Keys should only contain the following characters \f5[a\-zA\-Z0\-9\-_]\fR and be
fewer than 128 bytes in length. Values are free\-form strings. Each value must
be fewer than or equal to 32 KB in size.

The total size of all keys and values must be less than 256 KB, and the maximum
number of key\-value pairs is 500.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\-from\-file\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIPATH\fR,...]
Same as \-\-metadata, but the metadata values will be read from the file
specified by path.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices update
$ gcloud alpha iot devices update
.RE

