
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_MOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies move \- move a Google Compute Engine organization security policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies move\fR \fISECURITY_POLICY_ID\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies move\fR is used to
move is used to move organization security policies to new parent nodes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECURITY_POLICY_ID\fR
Resource ID of the security policy to move.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
Folder to which the organization security policy is to be moved.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization to which the organization security policy is to be moved.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

