
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring policies create \- create a new alerting policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring policies create\fR \fB\-\-notification\-channels\fR=[\fINOTIFICATION_CHANNELS\fR,...] [\fB\-\-aggregation\fR=\fIAGGREGATION\fR\ \fB\-\-condition\-display\-name\fR=\fICONDITION_DISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-condition\-filter\fR=\fICONDITION_FILTER\fR\ \fB\-\-duration\fR=\fIDURATION\fR\ \fB\-\-if\fR=\fIIF_VALUE\fR\ \fB\-\-trigger\-count\fR=\fITRIGGER_COUNT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-trigger\-percent\fR=\fITRIGGER_PERCENT\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-no\-enabled\fR\ \fB\-\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-documentation\-format\fR=\fIDOCUMENTATION_FORMAT\fR;\ default="text/markdown"\ \fB\-\-documentation\fR=\fIDOCUMENTATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-documentation\-from\-file\fR=\fIDOCUMENTATION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-policy\-from\-file\fR=\fIPOLICY_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a new alerting policy. An alert policy can be specified as
a JSON/YAML value passed in as a string through the \f5\-\-policy\fR flag or as
a file through the \f5\-\-policy\-from\-file\fR flag. A basic policy can also be
specified through command line flags. If a policy is specified through
\f5\-\-policy\fR or \f5\-\-policy\-from\-file\fR, and additional flags are
supplied, the flags will override the policy's settings and a specified
condition will be appended to the list of conditions.

For information about the JSON/YAML format of an alerting policy:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rest/v3/projects.alertPolicies

\fBNote:\fR When specifying the Channel as a YAML/JSON, the use of
\f5channelLabels\fR as an alternative name for \f5labels\fR is supported.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Notification Channel resource \- Names of one or more Notification Channels to
be added to the policy. These should be the resource names (not the display
name) of the channels. Acceptable formats are:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
Channel Name: \f5my\-channel\fR
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The project specified through \f5\-\-project\fR or the default project defined
by the \f5core/project\fR property will be used, in that order.
.RE
.sp
.IP "\(em" 2m
Channel Relative Name: \f5projects/my\-project/notificationChannels/channel\-id0
.IP "\(em" 2m
Channel URI:
https://monitoring.googleapis.com/v3/projects/my\-project/notificationChannels/channel\-id0
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the flag [\-\-notification\-channels] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project].
.RE
.RE
.sp


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-notification\-channels\fR=[\fINOTIFICATION_CHANNELS\fR,...]
IDs of the Notification Channels or fully qualified identifiers for the
Notification Channels.

.TP 2m

Condition Settings. This will add a condition to the created policy. If any
conditions are already specified, this condition will be appended.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-aggregation\fR=\fIAGGREGATION\fR
Specifies an Aggregation message as a JSON/YAML value to be applied to the
condition. For more information about the format:
https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/ref_v3/rest/v3/projects.alertPolicies

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-display\-name\fR=\fICONDITION_DISPLAY_NAME\fR
The display name for the condition.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-filter\fR=\fICONDITION_FILTER\fR
Specifies the "filter" in a metric absence or metric threshold condition.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-duration\fR=\fIDURATION\fR
The duration (e.g. "60s", "2min", etc.) that the condition must hold in order to
trigger as true.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-if\fR=\fIIF_VALUE\fR
One of "absent", "< THRESHOLD", "> THRESHOLD" where "THRESHOLD" is an integer or
float.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-count\fR=\fITRIGGER_COUNT\fR
The absolute number of time series that must fail the predicate for the
condition to be triggered.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-percent\fR=\fITRIGGER_PERCENT\fR
The percentage of time series that must fail the predicate for the condition to
be triggered.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Policy Settings. If any of these are specified, they will overwrite fields in
the \fR\-\-policy\f5 or \fR\-\-policy\-from\-file\f5 flags if specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The display name for the Alert Policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enabled\fR
If the policy is enabled. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-enabled\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\fR\-\f5),
underscores (\fR_\f5), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\fR\-\f5), underscores (\fR_\f5), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

If the policy was given as a JSON/YAML object from a string or file, this flag
will replace the labels value in the given policy.

.TP 2m

Documentation

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-documentation\-format\fR=\fIDOCUMENTATION_FORMAT\fR; default="text/markdown"
The MIME type that should be used with \fR\-\-documentation\f5 or
\fR\-\-documentation\-from\-file\f5. Currently, only "text/markdown" is
supported.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-documentation\fR=\fIDOCUMENTATION\fR
The documentation to be included with the policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-documentation\-from\-file\fR=\fIDOCUMENTATION_FROM_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing the documentation to be included with the policy.

.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The policy as a string. In either JSON or YAML format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\-from\-file\fR=\fIPOLICY_FROM_FILE\fR
The path to a JSON or YAML file containing the policy.


\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

