
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SECURITY\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute security\-policies \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine security policies. Security policies are used to control access to Google Cloud HTTP/HTTPS load balancers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute security\-policies\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine security policies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine security policies rules.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete security policies.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export security policy configs into yaml files.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import security policy configs into your project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine security policies.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-preconfigured\-expression\-sets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all available preconfigured expression sets.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute security\-policies
$ gcloud beta compute security\-policies
.RE

