
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_NATS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute routers nats update \- update a NAT on a Google Compute Engine router



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute routers nats update\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-auto\-allocate\-nat\-external\-ips\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-nat\-external\-ip\-pool\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,[\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-icmp\-idle\-timeout\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-icmp\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fIICMP_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-min\-ports\-per\-vm\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-min\-ports\-per\-vm\fR=\fIMIN_PORTS_PER_VM\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-tcp\-established\-idle\-timeout\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tcp\-established\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fITCP_ESTABLISHED_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-tcp\-transitory\-idle\-timeout\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tcp\-transitory\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fITCP_TRANSITORY_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-udp\-idle\-timeout\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-udp\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fIUDP_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-nat\-all\-subnet\-ip\-ranges\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-nat\-custom\-subnet\-ip\-ranges\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR[:\fIRANGE_NAME\fR],[...]\ |\ \fB\-\-nat\-primary\-subnet\-ip\-ranges\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute routers nats update\fR is used to update a NAT in a Google
Compute Engine router.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the NAT to create


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR
The Router to use for NAT.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
Enable logging for the NAT. Logs will be exported to Stackdriver. NAT logging is
disabled by default. To disable logging for the NAT, use $ gcloud compute
routers nats update MY\-NAT \-\-no\-enable\-logging \e \-\-router ROUTER
\-\-region REGION

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
Filter for logs exported to stackdriver.

The default is ALL.

If logging is not enabled, filter settings will be persisted but will have no
effect.

Use \-\-[no\-]enable\-logging to enable and disable logging.

\fILOG_FILTER\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBALL\fR
Export logs for all connections handled by this NAT.
.TP 2m
\fBERRORS_ONLY\fR
Export logs for connection failures only.
.TP 2m
\fBTRANSLATIONS_ONLY\fR
Export logs for successful connections only.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the NAT to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to select a
region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-allocate\-nat\-external\-ips\fR
Automatically allocate external IP addresses for Cloud NAT

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-nat\-external\-ip\-pool\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,[\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR,...]
External IP Addresses to use for NAT

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-icmp\-idle\-timeout\fR
Clear timeout for ICMP connections

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-icmp\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fIICMP_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR
Timeout for ICMP connections. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-min\-ports\-per\-vm\fR
Clear minimum ports to be allocated to a VM

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-ports\-per\-vm\fR=\fIMIN_PORTS_PER_VM\fR
Minimum ports to be allocated to a VM

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-tcp\-established\-idle\-timeout\fR
Clear timeout for TCP established connections

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tcp\-established\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fITCP_ESTABLISHED_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR
Timeout for TCP established connections. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on duration formats.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-tcp\-transitory\-idle\-timeout\fR
Clear timeout for TCP transitory connections

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tcp\-transitory\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fITCP_TRANSITORY_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR
Timeout for TCP transitory connections. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on duration formats.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-udp\-idle\-timeout\fR
Clear timeout for UDP connections

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-udp\-idle\-timeout\fR=\fIUDP_IDLE_TIMEOUT\fR
Timeout for UDP connections. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-nat\-all\-subnet\-ip\-ranges\fR
Allow all IP ranges of all subnetworks in the region, including primary and
secondary ranges, to use NAT.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-nat\-custom\-subnet\-ip\-ranges\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR[:\fIRANGE_NAME\fR],[...]
List of subnetwork primary and secondary IP ranges to be allowed to use NAT.
[SUBNETWORK]: including a subnetwork name includes only the primary subnet range
of the subnetwork. [SUBNETWORK]:[RANGE_NAME]: specifying a subnetwork and
secondary range name includes only that secondary range.It does not include the
primary range of the subnet.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-nat\-primary\-subnet\-ip\-ranges\fR
Allow only primary IP ranges of all subnetworks in the region to use NAT.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Change subnetworks and IP address resources associated with NAT:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers nats update nat1 \-\-router=my\-router
  \-\-nat\-external\-ip\-pool=ip\-address2,ip\-address3
  \-\-nat\-custom\-subnet\-ip\-ranges=subnet\-2,subnet\-3:secondary\-range\-2
.RE

Change minimum default ports allocated per VM associated with NAT:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers nats update nat1 \-\-router=my\-router \e
    \-\-min\-default\-ports\-per\-vm=128
.RE

Change connection timeouts associated with NAT:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers nats update nat1 \-\-router=my\-router
  \-\-udp\-mapping\-idle\-timeout=60s
  \-\-icmp\-mapping\-idle\-timeout=60s
  \-\-tcp\-established\-connection\-idle\-timeout=60s
  \-\-tcp\-transitory\-connection\-idle\-timeout=60s
.RE

Reset connection timeouts associated NAT to default values:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers nats update nat1 \-\-router=my\-router
  \-\-clear\-udp\-mapping\-idle\-timeout \-\-clear\-icmp\-mapping\-idle\-timeout
  \-\-clear\-tcp\-established\-connection\-idle\-timeout
  \-\-clear\-tcp\-transitory\-connection\-idle\-timeout
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute routers nats update
$ gcloud beta compute routers nats update
.RE

