
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute images add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding for an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute images add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute images add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR adds
an IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine image's access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
Name of the disk image to add the IAM policy binding to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin' for
the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' on an image with identifier 'my\-image', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-image \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin' to
the service account 'test\-proj1@example.domain.com', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin' for
all authenticated users on an image with identifier 'my\-image', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-image \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute images add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

