
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_CREATE_VM\-MAINTENANCE_CONCURRENCY\-LIMIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create vm\-maintenance concurrency\-limit \- create a Google Compute Engine VM Maintenance Resource Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create vm\-maintenance concurrency\-limit\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-percent\fR=\fIMAX_PERCENT\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine VM Maintenance Resource Policy
that, when attached to an instance, recognizes that instance as a part of a
group of instances where only up the configured amount of instances in that
group can undergo simultaneous maintenance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the resource policy to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-percent\fR=\fIMAX_PERCENT\fR; default=1
Sets maximum percentage of instances in the group that can undergo simultaneous
maintenance. If this flag is not specified default value of 1% will be set.
Usage example: \f5\-\-max\-percent=10\fR sets to 10%.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the resource policy to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a VM maintenance resource policy with a
concurrency maintenance limit set to 1%.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create vm\-maintenance \e
  concurrency\-limit my\-resource\-policy \-\-region=REGION
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

