
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_ROUTERS_UPDATE\-INTERFACE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute routers update\-interface \- update an interface on a Compute Engine router



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute routers update\-interface\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-interface\-name\fR=\fIINTERFACE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR] [\fB\-\-mask\-length\fR=\fIMASK_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-interconnect\-attachment\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT_ATTACHMENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-interconnect\-attachment\-region\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT_ATTACHMENT_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-vpn\-tunnel\fR=\fIVPN_TUNNEL\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-vpn\-tunnel\-region\fR=\fIVPN_TUNNEL_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute routers update\-interface\fR is used to update an interface on
a Compute Engine router.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the router to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interface\-name\fR=\fIINTERFACE_NAME\fR
The name of the interface being updated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ip\-address\fR=\fIIP_ADDRESS\fR
The link local address of the router for this interface.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mask\-length\fR=\fIMASK_LENGTH\fR
The subnet mask for the link\-local IP range of the interface. The interface IP
address and BGP peer IP address must be selected from the subnet defined by this
link\-local range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the router to update. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interconnect\-attachment\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT_ATTACHMENT\fR
The interconnect attachment of the interface being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interconnect\-attachment\-region\fR=\fIINTERCONNECT_ATTACHMENT_REGION\fR
Region of the interconnectAttachment to operate on. If not specified it will be
set to the region of the router. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpn\-tunnel\fR=\fIVPN_TUNNEL\fR
The tunnel of the interface being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpn\-tunnel\-region\fR=\fIVPN_TUNNEL_REGION\fR
Region of the vpn tunnel to operate on. If not specified it will be set to the
region of the router. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value
for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute routers update\-interface
$ gcloud beta compute routers update\-interface
.RE

