
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies import \- export a file with serialized taxonomies to a certain project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies import\fR \fITAXONOMIES\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export a file with serialized taxonomies to a certain project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAXONOMIES\fR
File containing serialized taxonomy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- Location to import taxonomies to. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-location] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To parse and import the taxonomies contained in '/tmp/taxonomies.json' to your
project within location LOCATION:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies import \e
    \-\-taxonomies="/tmp/taxonomies.json" \-\-location="LOCATION"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies import
.RE

