
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_VERSIONS_ACCESS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets versions access \- access a secret version's data



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets versions access\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Access the data for the specified secret version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Version resource \- Numeric secret version to access. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [VERSION] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-secret\fR=\fISECRET\fR
The secret of the version.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Access the data for version 123 of the secret 'my\-secret':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets versions access 123 \-\-secret=my\-secret
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud secrets versions access
.RE

