
.TH "GCLOUD_RECOMMENDER_RECOMMENDATIONS_MARK\-CLAIMED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud recommender recommendations mark\-claimed \- mark a recommendation's state as CLAIMED



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud recommender recommendations mark\-claimed\fR (\fIRECOMMENDATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-recommender\fR=\fIRECOMMENDER\fR) \fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR [\fB\-\-state\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Mark a recommendation's state as CLAIMED. Can be applied to recommendations in
CLAIMED, SUCCEEDED, FAILED, or ACTIVE state. Users can use this method to
indicate to the Recommender API that they are starting to apply the
recommendation themselves. This stops the recommendation content from being
updated.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Recommendation resource \- The Cloud Recommendation to mark as claimed. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[recommendation] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRECOMMENDATION\fR
ID of the recommendation or fully qualified identifier for the recommendation.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-recommender\fR=\fIRECOMMENDER\fR
The recommender ID.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR
The fingerprint of the recommendation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-state\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR
A comma\-separated list of key\-value pairs to include in request. This fully
replaces the current state_metadata for this recommendation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrecommender/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/recommender/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To mark a recommendation as CLAIMED:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud recommender recommendations mark\-claimed abcd\-1234 \e
    \-\-project=project\-name \-\-location=global \e
    \-\-recommender=google.compute.instance.MachineTypeRecommender \e
    \-\-etag=abc123 \-\-state\-metadata=key1=value1,key2=value2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha recommender recommendations mark\-claimed
$ gcloud beta recommender recommendations mark\-claimed
.RE

