
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed create \- create a Compute Engine managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-stateful\-disks\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,[\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-stateful\-names\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed create\fR creates
a Google Compute Engine managed instance group.

For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed create \e
example\-managed\-instance\-group \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \e
\-\-template example\-instance\-template \-\-size 1
.RE

will create one managed instance group called
\'example\-managed\-instance\-group' in the \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
The initial number of instances you want in this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Specifies the instance template to use when creating new instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-base\-instance\-name\fR=\fIBASE_INSTANCE_NAME\fR
The base name to use for the Compute Engine instances that will be created with
the managed instance group. If not provided base instance name will be the
prefix of instance group name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description for this group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initial\-delay\fR=\fIINITIAL_DELAY\fR
Specifies the length of the period during which the instance is known to be
initializing and should not be autohealed even if unhealthy. This value cannot
be greater than 1 hour. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-redistribution\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Specify type of instance redistribution policy. Instance redistribution type
gives possibility to enable or disable automatic instance redistribution between
zones to its target distribution. Target distribution is a state of regional
managed instance group where all instances are spread out equally between all
target zones.

Instance redistribution type may be specified for non\-autoscaled regional
managed instance group only. By default it is set to PROACTIVE.

The following types are available:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
NONE \- managed instance group will not take any action to bring instances to
its target distribution.

.IP "\(em" 2m
PROACTIVE \- managed instance group will actively converge all instances between
zones to its target distribution.

.RE
.RE
.sp
\fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBNONE\fR, \fBPROACTIVE\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-disks\fR=\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,[\fIDEVICE_NAME\fR,...]
Disks considered stateful by the instance group. Usually, the managed instance
group deletes disks when deleting instances; however, in the case of stateful
disks, these disks are detached from the deleted instance and attached to new
instances the managed instance group creates.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stateful\-names\fR
Enable stateful names of instances. Whenever instances with those names are
restarted or recreated, they will have the same names as before. Use
\-\-no\-stateful\-names to disable stateful names.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-pool\fR=[\fITARGET_POOL\fR,...]
Specifies any target pools you want the instances of this managed instance group
to be part of.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=\fIZONE\fR,[\fIZONE\fR,...]
If this flag is specified a regional managed instance group will be created. The
managed instance group will be in the same region as specified zones and will
spread instances in it between specified zones.

All zones must belong to the same region. You may specify \-\-region flag but it
must be the region to which zones belong. This flag is mutually exclusive with
\-\-zone flag.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-health\-check\fR=\fIHEALTH_CHECK\fR
Name of the health check to operate on.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
Specifies the HTTP health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-https\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTPS_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
Specifies the HTTPS health check object used for autohealing instances in this
group.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE


.RE
.RE
.sp
If you specify \f5\-\-zones\fR flag this flag must be unspecified or specify the
region to which the zones you listed belong.

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed create
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed create
.RE

