
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AUTH_APPLICATION\-DEFAULT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta auth application\-default \- manage your active Application Default Credentials



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta auth application\-default\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Application Default Credentials (ADC) provide a method to get
credentials used in calling Google APIs. The gcloud beta auth
application\-default command group allows you to manage active credentials on
your machine that are used for local application development.

These credentials are only used by Google client libraries in your own
application.

More information on ADC and how they work can be found here:
https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/application\-default\-credentials



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlogin\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Acquire new user credentials to use for Application Default
Credentials.

.TP 2m
\fBprint\-access\-token\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Print an access token for your current Application Default
Credentials.

.TP 2m
\fBrevoke\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Revoke previously generated Application Default Credentials.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a service account and have your application use it for API access,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts create my\-account
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys create key.json
  \-\-iam\-account=my\-account@my\-project.iam.gserviceaccount.com
$ export GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS=key.json
$ ./my_application.sh
.RE

To temporarily use your own user credentials, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta auth application\-default login
.RE

This will take you through a web flow to acquire new user credentials.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth application\-default
.RE

