
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_CERTIFICATES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates describe \- describe an existing certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates describe\fR \fICERTIFICATE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command fetches and prints information about an existing
certificate.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate resource \- The certificate to describe. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[certificate] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [certificate] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE\fR
ID of the certificate or fully qualified identifier for the certificate.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a certificate with name simple\-cert, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager certificates describe simple\-cert
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

