
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions delete \- deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions delete\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR\ ...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes one or more Cloud Pub/Sub subscriptions.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- One or more subscriptions to delete. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR ...]
IDs of the subscriptions or fully qualified identifiers for the subscriptions.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions delete
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions delete
.RE

