
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SNAPSHOTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute snapshots \- list, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute snapshots\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, describe, and delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add labels to Google Compute Engine snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove labels from Google Compute Engine snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine snapshot.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute snapshots
$ gcloud beta compute snapshots
.RE

