
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine models set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine models set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIMODEL\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given model as defined in a JSON or
YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Model resource \- The model to set the IAM policy for. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[model] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMODEL\fR
ID of the model or fully qualified identifier for the model.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBml/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/ml/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the model \f5my_model\fR:

$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine models set\-iam\-policy my_model policy.json

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine models set\-iam\-policy
.RE

