
.TH "GCLOUD_IAM_ROLES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iam roles describe \- show metadata for a role



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iam roles describe\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command shows metadata for a role.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The role specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given role.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the role to describe. Curated roles example: roles/viewer. Custom
roles example: CustomRole. For custom roles, you must also specify the
\f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to describe.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project of the role you want to describe.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print metadata for the role \f5\fIspanner.databaseAdmin\fR\fR of the
organization \f5\fI1234567\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.databaseAdmin \e
    \-\-organization=1234567
.RE

To print metadata for the role \f5\fIspanner.databaseAdmin\fR\fR of the project
\f5\fImyproject\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.databaseAdmin \e
    \-\-project=myproject
.RE

To print metadata for a predefined role, \f5\fIspanner.databaseAdmin\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles describe roles/spanner.databaseAdmin
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles describe
$ gcloud beta iam roles describe
.RE

