
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_JOBS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc jobs \- submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc jobs\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit and manage Google Cloud Dataproc jobs.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBsubmit\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Submit Google Cloud Dataproc jobs to execute on a cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete the record of an inactive job.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View the details of a job.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for a job.

.TP 2m
\fBkill\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Kill an active job.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List jobs in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a job.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the labels for a job.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR View the output of a job as it runs or after it completes.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To learn about the types of jobs that can be submitted, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs submit
.RE

To view the output of a job as it runs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs wait job_id
.RE

To cancel an active job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs kill job_id
.RE

To view the details of a job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs describe job_id
.RE

To see the list of all jobs, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs list
.RE

To delete the record of an inactive job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs delete job_id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs
.RE

