
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PUBLIC\-DELEGATED\-PREFIXES_DELEGATED\-SUB\-PREFIXES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes delegated\-sub\-prefixes create \- creates a Compute Engine delegated sub prefix



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes delegated\-sub\-prefixes create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX\fR [\fB\-\-create\-addresses\fR] [\fB\-\-delegatee\-project\fR=\fIDELEGATEE_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-global\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\-region\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the delegated sub prefix to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX\fR
Name of the public delegated prefix to create the delegate sub prefix for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-create\-addresses\fR
Specify if the sub prefix is delegated to create address resources in the
delegatee project. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delegatee\-project\fR=\fIDELEGATEE_PROJECT\fR
Project to delegate the IPv4 range specified in \f5\-\-range\fR to. If empty,
the sub\-range is delegated to the same/existing project.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the delegated sub prefix to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
IPv4 range from this public delegated prefix that should be delegated, in CIDR
format. If not specified, the entire range ofthe public advertised prefix is
delegated.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-public\-delegated\-prefix\fR
If set, the public delegated prefix is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\-region\fR=\fIPUBLIC_DELEGATED_PREFIX_REGION\fR
Region of the public delegated prefix to create the delegate sub prefix for. If
not specified, you may be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a delegated sub prefix for a global public delegated prefix:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes \e
    delegated\-sub\-prefixes create my\-sub\-prefix \e
    \-\-range=120.120.10.128/28 \e
  \-\-public\-delegated\-prefix=my\-pdp \-\-global\-public\-delegated\-prefix
.RE

To create a delegated sub prefix for a regional public delegated prefix:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute public\-delegated\-prefixes \e
    delegated\-sub\-prefixes create my\-sub\-prefix \e
    \-\-range=120.120.10.128/30 \-\-create\-addresses \e
  \-\-public\-delegated\-prefix=my\-pdp \-\-public\-delegated\-prefix\-region us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

