
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS_PACKAGES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts packages import \- import one or more packages into an artifact repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts packages import\fR (\fIREPOSITORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-gcs\-source\fR=[\fIGCS_SOURCE\fR,...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha artifacts packages import\fR imports packages from
Google Cloud Storage into the specified artifact repository.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Artifact Registry repository. If not specified, the
current artifacts/repository is used. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [repository] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-source\fR=[\fIGCS_SOURCE\fR,...]
The Google Cloud Storage location of a package to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import the package \f5my\-package.deb\fR from Google Cloud Storage into
\f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts packages import my\-repo \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-source=gs://my\-bucket/path/to/my\-package.deb
.RE

To import the packages \f5my\-package.deb\fR and \f5other\-package.deb\fR into
\f5my\-repo\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts packages import my\-repo \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-source=gs://my\-bucket/path/to/my\-package.deb,gs://\e
my\-bucket/path/to/other\-package.deb
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

