
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_WEB\-SECURITY\-SCANNER_SCAN\-RUNS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs \- manage Cloud Web Security Scanner scan runs resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud Web Security Scanner scan runs
resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfindings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Web Security Scanner findings resources.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a scan run.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List scan runs for a scan config.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-crawled\-urls\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List crawled URLs for a scan run.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start a scan run for a scan config.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Stop a scan run.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

