
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha service\-directory services \- manage Service Directory services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha service\-directory services\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Service Directory services.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a service.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a service.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List services.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a service.

.TP 2m
\fBresolve\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Resolve a service.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory services
.RE

