
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_GUEST\-POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies create \- create a guest policy for a project, a folder, or an organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies create\fR \fIPOLICY_ID\fR \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_ID\fR
Name of the guest policy to create.

This name must contain only lowercase letters, numbers, and hyphens, start with
a letter, end with a number or a letter, be between 1\-63 characters, and unique
within the project, folder, or organization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The JSON or YAML file with the guest policy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

The scope of the guest policy. If a scope is not specified, the current project
is used as the default. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The folder of the guest policy to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The organization of the guest policy to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project name to use. If a project name is not specified, then the current
project is used. The current project can be listed using gcloud config list
\-\-format='text(core.project)' and can be set using gcloud config set project
PROJECTID.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles.
It specifies the project of the resource to operate on, and also specifies the
project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a different
project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a guest policy \f5policy1\fR in the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies create policy1 \e
\-\-file=path_to_config_file
.RE

To create a guest policy \f5policy1\fR in the organization \f512345\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies create policy1 \e
\-\-file=path_to_config_file \e
\-\-organization=12345
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config guest\-policies create
.RE

