
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SECURITY\-POLICIES_RULES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules describe \- describe a Compute Engine security policy rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules describe\fR \fIPRIORITY\fR [\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules describe\fR
displays all data associated with a security policy rule.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIORITY\fR
The priority of the rule to describe. Rules are evaluated in order from highest
priority to lowest priority where 0 is the highest priority and 2147483647 is
the lowest priority.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
The security policy that this rule belongs to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute security\-policies rules describe
$ gcloud beta compute security\-policies rules describe
.RE

