
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS_PARTNER_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments partner create \- create a Google Compute Engine partner interconnect attachment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments partner create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-edge\-availability\-domain\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_DOMAIN\fR \fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute interconnects attachments partner create\fR
is used to create partner interconnect attachments. A partner interconnect
attachment binds the underlying connectivity of a provider's Interconnect to a
path into and out of the customer's cloud network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect attachment to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-edge\-availability\-domain\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_DOMAIN\fR
Desired edge availability domain for this attachment:
\f5availability\-domain\-1\fR, \f5availability\-domain\-2\fR, \f5any\fR.

In each metro where the Partner can connect to Google, there are two sets of
redundant hardware. These sets are described as edge availability domain 1 and
2. Within a metro, Google will only schedule maintenance in one availability
domain at a time. This guarantee does not apply to availability domains outside
the metro; Google may perform maintenance in (say) New York availability domain
1 at the same time as Chicago availability domain 1.

\fIAVAILABILITY_DOMAIN\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBany\fR
Any Availability Domain
.TP 2m
\fBavailability\-domain\-1\fR
Edge Availability Domain 1
.TP 2m
\fBavailability\-domain\-2\fR
Edge Availability Domain 2

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR
The Google Cloud Router to use for dynamic routing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Human\-readable plain\-text description of attachment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-admin\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect attachment. If not provided on
creation, defaults to disabled. When this is enabled, the attachment is
operational and will carry traffic. Use \-\-no\-enable\-admin to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the interconnect attachment to create. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments partner create
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments partner create
.RE

