
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_OPERATIONS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for an operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Sets the IAM policy for an operation, given an operation ID and the policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The ID of the operation to set the policy on. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the operation. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for an operation with identifier 'example\-operation'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy example\-operation \e
    policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy
.RE

