
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_ROLLING\-ACTION_START\-UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action start\-update \- updates instances in a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action start\-update\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...] [\fB\-\-canary\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,\fItarget\-size\fR=\fIFIXED_OR_PERCENT\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...]] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR;\ default="proactive"] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR] [\fB\-\-replacement\-method\fR=\fIREPLACEMENT_METHOD\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action start\-update\fR
updates instances in a managed instance group, according to the given versions
and the given update policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...]
Original instance template resource to be used. Each version has the following
format: template=TEMPLATE,[name=NAME]


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-canary\-version\fR=[\fItemplate\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR,\fItarget\-size\fR=\fIFIXED_OR_PERCENT\fR,[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],...]
New instance template resource to be used. Each version has the following
format: template=TEMPLATE,target\-size=FIXED_OR_PERCENT,[name=NAME]

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR; default="proactive"
Desired update type. \fITYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBopportunistic\fR
Do not proactively replace instances. Create new instances and delete old on
resizes of the group.
.TP 2m
\fBproactive\fR
Replace instances proactively.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
If set, accepts any original or new version configurations without validation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-surge\fR=\fIMAX_SURGE\fR
Maximum additional number of instances that can be created during the update
process. This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the
managed instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-unavailable\fR=\fIMAX_UNAVAILABLE\fR
Maximum number of instances that can be unavailable during the update process.
This can be a fixed number (e.g. 5) or a percentage of size to the managed
instance group (e.g. 10%)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replacement\-method\fR=\fIREPLACEMENT_METHOD\fR
Type of replacement method. Specifies what action will be taken to update
instances. \fIREPLACEMENT_METHOD\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrecreate\fR
Updated instances will be recreated with the same name.
.TP 2m
\fBsubstitute\fR
Updated instances will be deleted and created again with another name.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action \e
    start\-update
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed rolling\-action \e
    start\-update
.RE

