
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NOTEBOOKS_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha notebooks instances \- notebooks Instances command group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha notebooks instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Notebooks Instances command group.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for creating an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for deleting instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for describing instances.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBis\-upgradeable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for checking if a notebook instance is upgradeable.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for listing instances.

.TP 2m
\fBregister\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for registering instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for resetting instances.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for an Instance.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for starting instances.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for stopping instances.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for updating instances.

.TP 2m
\fBupgrade\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Request for upgrading instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks instances
.RE

