
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION_DETECT\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision detect\-labels \- detect broad sets of categories within an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision detect\-labels\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR] [\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR;\ default="builtin/stable"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Label Detection detects categories in an image, ranging from modes
of transportation to animals.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
The path to the image to be analyzed. This can be either a local path or a URL.
If you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google Cloud
Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR
The maximum number of results to be provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR; default="builtin/stable"
The model version to use for the feature. Supported values include
"builtin/stable" and "builtin/latest".


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml vision detect\-labels
$ gcloud alpha ml vision detect\-labels
.RE

