
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_ACCOUNTS_PROJECTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing accounts projects describe \- show detailed billing information for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing accounts projects describe\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR The \f5gcloud <alpha|beta> billing accounts
projects\fR groups have been moved to \f5gcloud beta billing projects\fR. Please
use the new, shorter commands instead.

This command shows billing info for a project, given its ID.

This call can fail for the following reasons:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The project specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given project.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Specify a project id.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see detailed billing information for a project \f5my\-project\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha billing accounts projects describe my\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

