
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_GUEST\-POLICIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies update \- update the given guest policy for a project, a folder, or an organization



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies update\fR \fIPOLICY_ID\fR (\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR) [\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_ID\fR
ID of the guest policy to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

The update component. At least one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the guest policy to update. Length of the description is limited
to 1024 characters.

If specified, it will override any description provided in the file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The JSON or YAML file with the updated guest policy.

If this file specifies an "etag" value, the update will succeed only if the
policy already in place matches that etag. A policy in a file that does not
contain an etag value will simply replace the existing policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR
The etag value of the guest policy to update.

If specified, it will override any etag provided in the file, and the update
will succeed only if the policy already in place matches this etag.

.TP 2m

The scope of the guest policy which defaults to project if unspecified. At most
one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The folder of the guest policy to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The organization of the guest policy to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project of the guest policy to update.

The Google Cloud Platform project name to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the description of guest policy 'policy1' in the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies update policy1 \e
\-\-description='new description'
.RE

To update the guest policy 'policy1' in the project 'project1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies update policy1 \e
\-\-file=path_to_config_file \-\-project=project1
.RE

To update the guest policy 'policy1' in the organization '12345', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies update policy1 \e
\-\-file=path_to_config_file \-\-organization=12345
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

