
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_BIGTABLE_BACKUPS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta bigtable backups add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Bigtable Backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta bigtable backups add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Bigtable Backup. One binding
consists of a member, a role, and an optional condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- Cloud Bigtable Backup to add the IAM policy binding to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

The condition of the binding to be added. When the condition is explicitly
specified as \f5None\fR (\f5\-\-condition=None\fR), a binding without a
condition is added. When the condition is specified and is not \f5None\fR,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) A short string describing the purpose of the expression.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Additional description for the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with backup 'my\-backup' in instance 'my\-instance' and
cluster 'my\-cluster', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta bigtable backups add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-backup \e
    \-\-instance='my\-instance' \-\-cluster='my\-cluster' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2020 for the
role of 'roles/bigtable.admin' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with backup
\'my\-backup' in instance 'my\-instance' and cluster 'my\-cluster', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta bigtable backups add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-backup \e
    \-\-instance='my\-instance' \-\-cluster='my\-cluster' \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/bigtable.admin' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2021\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2020,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2020\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable backups add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud alpha bigtable backups add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

