
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_CRAWLER\-RUNS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawler\-runs describe \- describe a Cloud Data Catalog crawler run



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawler\-runs describe\fR (\fICRAWLER_RUN\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-crawler\fR=\fICRAWLER\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Data Catalog crawler run.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Crawler run resource \- Crawler run to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [crawler_run] on the command line with
a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICRAWLER_RUN\fR
ID of the crawler run or fully qualified identifier for the crawler run. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-crawler\fR=\fICRAWLER\fR
The Cloud Data Catalog crawler for the crawler run.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1alpha3\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

