
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_WORKFLOWS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta workflows describe \- show metadata for a workflow



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta workflows describe\fR (\fIWORKFLOW\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Display all metadata associated with a workflow of given name.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workflow resource \- The name of the workflow to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [workflow] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKFLOW\fR
ID of the workflow or fully qualified identifier for the workflow. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the workflow. Alternatively, set the property
[workflows/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBworkflows/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/workflows



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

