
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_WORKFLOWS_EXECUTIONS_WAIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta workflows executions wait \- wait for an execution to complete



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta workflows executions wait\fR (\fIEXECUTION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-workflow\fR=\fIWORKFLOW\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Wait for an execution to complete.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Execution resource \- Name of the execution to wait on. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [execution] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIEXECUTION\fR
ID of the execution or fully qualified identifier for the execution. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Cloud location for the execution. Alternatively, set the property
[workflows/location].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workflow\fR=\fIWORKFLOW\fR
Workflow for the execution.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

