
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI\-PLATFORM_VERSIONS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai\-platform versions update \- update an AI Platform version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai\-platform versions update\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR) [\fB\-\-config\fR=\fIYAML_FILE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an AI Platform version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Version resource \- The AI Platform model to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [version] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
The model for the version.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fIYAML_FILE\fR
Path to a YAML configuration file containing configuration parameters for the
version (https://cloud.google.com/ml/reference/rest/v1/projects.models.versions)
to create.

The file is in YAML format. Note that not all attributes of a version are
configurable; available attributes (with example values) are:

.RS 2m
description: A free\-form description of the version.
manualScaling:
  nodes: 10  # The number of nodes to allocate for this model.
autoScaling:
  minNodes: 0  # The minimum number of nodes to allocate for this model.
.RE

The name of the version must always be specified via the required VERSION
argument.

Only one of manualScaling or autoScaling can be specified. If both are specified
in same yaml file, an error will be returned.

Labels cannot currently be set in the config.yaml; please use the command\-line
flags to alter them.

If an option is specified both in the configuration file and via command\-line
arguments, the command\-line arguments override the configuration file.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the version.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west4\fR,
\fBus\-central1\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform versions update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform versions update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform versions update
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform versions update
.RE

