
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_COMMITMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute commitments create \- create Google Compute Engine commitments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute commitments create\fR \fICOMMITMENT\fR \fB\-\-plan\fR=\fIPLAN\fR \fB\-\-resources\fR=[\fImemory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR],[\fIvcpu\fR=\fIVCPU\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create Google Compute Engine commitments.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICOMMITMENT\fR
Name of the commitment to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plan\fR=\fIPLAN\fR
Duration of the commitment. \fIPLAN\fR must be one of: \fB12\-month\fR,
\fB36\-month\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resources\fR=[\fImemory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR],[\fIvcpu\fR=\fIVCPU\fR]
Resources to be included in the commitment, the ratio between number of vCPU
cores and memory must conform to limits described at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/creating\-instance\-with\-custom\-machine\-type#specifications.
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmemory\fR
The size of the memory, should include units (e.g. 3072MB or 9GB). If no units
are specified, GB is assumed.
.TP 2m
\fBvcpu\fR
The number of the vCPU cores.

.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the commitment to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute commitments create
$ gcloud beta compute commitments create
.RE

