
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING_VIEWS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging views create \- create a view



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging views create\fR \fIVIEW_ID\fR \fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a view.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVIEW_ID\fR
ID of the view to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
ID of the bucket that will hold the view

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the bucket that will hold the view.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the view.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-filter\fR=\fILOG_FILTER\fR
A filter for the view.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIBILLING_ACCOUNT_ID\fR
Create view associated with this billing account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Create view associated with this folder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Create view associated with this organization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
Create view associated with this project.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

