
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_DISKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute disks \- read and manipulate Compute Engine disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute disks\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Read and manipulate Compute Engine disks.

For more information about disks, see the disks documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/).

See also: Disks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/disks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
Add labels to Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-resource\-policies\fR
Add resource policies to a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine disks.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
Move a disk between zones.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove IAM policy binding from a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
Remove labels from Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-resource\-policies\fR
Remove resource policies from a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBresize\fR
Resize a disk or disks.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshot\fR
Create snapshots of Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update a Compute Engine persistent disk.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks
$ gcloud beta compute disks
.RE

