
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUN_REVISIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta run revisions describe \- obtain details about revisions



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta run revisions describe\fR (\fIREVISION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Obtain details about revisions.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- Revision to describe. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREVISION\fR
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on GKE: Kubernetes namespace for the revision.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Kubernetes Engine. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR
and \f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\'\-\-platform=managed' to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on GKE. Specify
\'\-\-platform=gke' to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify '\-\-platform=kubernetes' to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe all revisions of service default in us\-central1:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run revisions describe \-\-region us\-central1 default
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run revisions describe
.RE

