
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_NETWORK\-INTERFACES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces \- read and manipulate Compute Engine VM instance network interfaces



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances network\-interfaces\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine VM instance network interfaces.

For more information about VM instance network interfaces, see the network
interfaces documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/multiple\-interfaces\-concepts).

See also: VM instance network interfaces API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances/updateNetworkInterface).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBget\-effective\-firewalls\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the effective firewalls on a Compute Engine virtual machine
network interface.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine virtual machine network interface.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances network\-interfaces
$ gcloud beta compute instances network\-interfaces
.RE

