
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_NOTEBOOKS_ENVIRONMENTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta notebooks environments describe \- request for describing environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta notebooks environments describe\fR (\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Request for describing environments.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Environment resource \- User\-defined unique name of this environment. The
environment name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only lowercase
letters, numeric characters, and dashes. The first character must be a
lowercaseletter and the last character cannot be a dash. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [environment] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
ID of the environment or fully qualified identifier for the environment. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location of this environment
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions\-zones/#locations.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an environment with id 'example\-environment' in location
\'us\-central1\-a', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks environments describe example\-environment \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks environments describe
.RE

