
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_DESTROY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys versions destroy \- schedule a version to be destroyed



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys versions destroy\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Schedules the given version for destruction in 24 hours.

After that time period passes it is automatically destroyed. Once destroyed, the
key material is removed but the version number can not be reused.

Only versions which are Enabled or Disabled can be Scheduled for destruction.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to destroy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command schedules version 9 of key \f5frodo\fR within keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR for destruction:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions destroy 9 \-\-location us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \-\-key frodo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions destroy
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions destroy
.RE

