
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql instances create \- creates a new Cloud SQL instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-[no\-]assign\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-availability\-type\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-backup\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-location\fR=\fIBACKUP_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR] [\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR] [\fB\-\-failover\-replica\-name\fR=\fIFAILOVER_REPLICA_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-release\-channel\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-day\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-hour\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_HOUR\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-instance\-name\fR=\fIMASTER_INSTANCE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-replica\-type\fR=\fIREPLICA_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR] [\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR] [\fB\-\-root\-password\fR=\fIROOT_PASSWORD\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-increase\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-size\fR=\fISTORAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-type\fR=\fISTORAGE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR,\ \fB\-t\fR\ \fITIER\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\-keyring\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\-location\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\-project\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR;\ default="us\-central"\ |\ \fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR
Activation policy for this instance. This specifies when the instance should be
activated and is applicable only when the instance state is \f5RUNNABLE\fR. The
default is \f5on\-demand\fR. More information on activation policies can be
found here: https://cloud.google.com/sql/faq#activation_policy.
\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR must be one of: \fBalways\fR, \fBnever\fR,
\fBon\-demand\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]assign\-ip\fR
Assign an IPv4 external address to this instance. This setting is enabled by
default when creating a new instance, but can be disabled to use private IP
connectivity. Use \fB\-\-assign\-ip\fR to enable and \fB\-\-no\-assign\-ip\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
The list of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance.
Specified in CIDR notation, also known as 'slash' notation (e.g.
192.168.100.0/24).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-availability\-type\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_TYPE\fR
Specifies level of availability. \fIAVAILABILITY_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregional\fR
Provides high availability and is recommended for production instances; instance
automatically fails over to another zone within your selected region.
.TP 2m
\fBzonal\fR
Provides no failover capability. This is the default.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\fR
Enables daily backup. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-backup\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-location\fR=\fIBACKUP_LOCATION\fR
Choose where to store your backups. Backups are stored in the closest
multi\-region location to you by default. Only customize if needed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-backup\-start\-time\fR=\fIBACKUP_START_TIME\fR
Start time of daily backups, specified in the 24 hour format \- HH:MM, in the
UTC timezone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR
Whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the machine. Both
\-\-cpu and \-\-memory must be specified if a custom machine type is desired,
and the \-\-tier flag must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIFLAG\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of database flags to set on the instance. Use an equals
sign to separate flag name and value. Flags without values, like
skip_grant_tables, can be written out without a value after, e.g.,
\f5skip_grant_tables=\fR. Use on/off for booleans. View the Instance Resource
API for allowed flags. (e.g., \f5\-\-database\-flags
max_allowed_packet=55555,skip_grant_tables=,log_output=1\fR)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR
The database engine type and version. If left unspecified, the API defaults will
be used. \fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR must be one of: \fBMYSQL_5_5\fR,
\fBMYSQL_5_6\fR, \fBMYSQL_5_7\fR, \fBPOSTGRES_9_6\fR, \fBPOSTGRES_10\fR,
\fBPOSTGRES_11\fR, \fBSQLSERVER_2017_EXPRESS\fR, \fBSQLSERVER_2017_WEB\fR,
\fBSQLSERVER_2017_STANDARD\fR, \fBSQLSERVER_2017_ENTERPRISE\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-bin\-log\fR
Specified if binary log should be enabled. If backup configuration is disabled,
binary log must be disabled as well.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-failover\-replica\-name\fR=\fIFAILOVER_REPLICA_NAME\fR
Also create a failover replica with the specified name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-release\-channel\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR
Which channel's updates to apply during the maintenance window. If not
specified, Cloud SQL chooses the timing of updates to your instance.
\fIMAINTENANCE_RELEASE_CHANNEL\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpreview\fR
Preview updates release prior to production updates. You may wish to use the
preview channel for dev/test applications so that you can preview their
compatibility with your application prior to the production release.
.TP 2m
\fBproduction\fR
Production updates are stable and recommended for applications in production.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-day\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR
Day of week for maintenance window, in UTC time zone.
\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_DAY\fR must be one of: \fBSUN\fR, \fBMON\fR, \fBTUE\fR,
\fBWED\fR, \fBTHU\fR, \fBFRI\fR, \fBSAT\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-window\-hour\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_WINDOW_HOUR\fR
Hour of day for maintenance window, in UTC time zone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-instance\-name\fR=\fIMASTER_INSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance which will act as master in the replication setup. The
newly created instance will be a read replica of the specified master instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR
Whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the machine. A size
unit should be provided (eg. 3072MiB or 9GiB) \- if no units are specified, GiB
is assumed. Both \-\-cpu and \-\-memory must be specified if a custom machine
type is desired, and the \-\-tier flag must be omitted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replica\-type\fR=\fIREPLICA_TYPE\fR
The type of replica to create. \fIREPLICA_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBREAD\fR,
\fBFAILOVER\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replication\fR=\fIREPLICATION\fR
Type of replication this instance uses. The default is synchronous.
\fIREPLICATION\fR must be one of: \fBsynchronous\fR, \fBasynchronous\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR
Specified if users connecting over IP must use SSL.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-root\-password\fR=\fIROOT_PASSWORD\fR
Root Cloud SQL user's password.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-increase\fR
Storage size can be increased, but it cannot be decreased; storage increases are
permanent for the life of the instance. With this setting enabled, a spike in
storage requirements can result in permanently increased storage costs for your
instance. However, if an instance runs out of available space, it can result in
the instance going offline, dropping existing connections. This setting is
enabled by default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-size\fR=\fISTORAGE_SIZE\fR
Amount of storage allocated to the instance. Must be an integer number of GB.
The default is 10GB. Information on storage limits can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/quotas#storage_limits

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-type\fR=\fISTORAGE_TYPE\fR
The storage type for the instance. The default is SSD. \fISTORAGE_TYPE\fR must
be one of: \fBSSD\fR, \fBHDD\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR, \fB\-t\fR \fITIER\fR
The tier for this instance. For Second Generation instances, TIER is the
instance's machine type (e.g., db\-n1\-standard\-1). For PostgreSQL instances,
only shared\-core machine types (e.g., db\-f1\-micro) apply. A complete list of
tiers is available here: https://cloud.google.com/sql/pricing.

.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the instance. The 'Compute Engine Service Agent' service account
must hold permission 'Cloud KMS CryptoKey Encrypter/Decrypter'. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\-keyring\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\-location\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-encryption\-key\-project\fR=\fIDISK_ENCRYPTION_KEY_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR; default="us\-central"
Regional location (e.g. asia\-east1, us\-east1). See the full list of regions at
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/instance\-locations.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-zone\fR=\fIGCE_ZONE\fR
(DEPRECATED) Preferred Compute Engine zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a,
us\-central1\-b, etc.).

Flag \f5\-\-gce\-zone\fR is deprecated and will be removed by release 255.0.0.
Use \f5\-\-zone\fR instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Preferred Compute Engine zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a, us\-central1\-b, etc.).


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a MySQL 5.7 instance with ID \f5\fIprod\-instance\fR\fR and machine
type \f5\fIdb\-n1\-standard\-1\fR\fR, in the region \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR (a
zone will be auto\-assigned), where the 'root' user has its password set to
\f5\fIpassword123\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances create prod\-instance \e
    \-\-database\-version=MYSQL_5_7 \-\-tier=db\-n1\-standard\-1 \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-root\-password=password123
.RE

To create a Postgres 9.6 instance with ID \f5\fIprod\-instance\fR\fR that has 2
CPUs, 8 GiB of RAM, and is in the zone \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR, where the
\'postgres' user has its password set to \f5\fIpassword123\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances create prod\-instance \e
    \-\-database\-version=POSTGRES_9_6 \-\-cpu=2 \-\-memory=8GiB \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \-\-root\-password=password123
.RE

To create a SQL Server 2017 Express instance with ID \f5\fIprod\-instance\fR\fR
that has 2 CPUs, 3840MiB of RAM, and is in the zone \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR,
where the 'sqlserver' user has its password set to \f5\fIpassword123\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances create prod\-instance \e
    \-\-database\-version=SQLSERVER_2017_EXPRESS \-\-cpu=2 \e
    \-\-memory=3840MiB \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-root\-password=password123
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql instances create
$ gcloud beta sql instances create
.RE

