
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSURED_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha assured operations describe \- describe Assured Workloads operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha assured operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Obtain details about a given Assured Workloads operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The Assured Workloads operation resource to describe. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location for the operation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an Assured Workloads operation in the us\-central1 region, belonging
to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha assured operations describe \e
    organizations/123/locations/us\-central1/operations/456
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta assured operations describe
.RE

