
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis operations describe \- show metadata for a Memorystore Redis operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis operations describe\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display all metadata associated with a Redis operation given a
valid operation name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The operation specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given operation.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
operation you want to describe. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the flag [operation] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
The ID of the operation or a fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the operation. Overrides the default
redis/region property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command prints metadata for an operation with the name in your
default region:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis operations describe \e
    operation\-1484002552235\-425b144f8c3f8\-81aa4b49\-0830d1e9
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta redis operations describe
.RE

