
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_MODIFY\-MESSAGE\-ACK\-DEADLINE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline \- modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud Pub/Sub message



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fIACK_ID\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR [\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This method is useful to indicate that more time is needed to
process a message by the subscriber, or to make the message available for
redelivery if the processing was interrupted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription messages belong to. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
[\fIACK_ID\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.

Positional argument \f5ACK_ID\fR is deprecated. Please use \f5\-\-ack\-ids\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR
The number of seconds the system will wait for a subscriber to acknowledge
receiving a message before re\-attempting delivery.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]
One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-message\-ack\-deadline
.RE

