
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS_PACKAGES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts packages delete \- delete an Artifact Registry package



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts packages delete\fR (\fIPACKAGE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an Artifact Registry package.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The specified package does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete packages.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Package resource \- The Artifact Registry package to delete. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [package] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPACKAGE\fR
ID of the package or fully qualified identifier for the package. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the package. Overrides the default artifacts/location property value
for this command invocation. To configure the default location, use the command:
gcloud config set artifacts/location.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\fR=\fIREPOSITORY\fR
The repository associated with the package. Overrides the default
artifacts/repository property value for this command invocation. To configure
the default repository, use the command: gcloud config set artifacts/repository.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBartifactregistry/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a package named \f5my\-pkg\fR under the current project, repository,
and location, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts packages delete my\-repo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts packages delete
.RE

