
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ASSET_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha asset list \- list the cloud assets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha asset list\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-snapshot\-time\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the cloud assets. Note that to list a project different from
the project you want to bill, you can use \-\-billing\-project or authenticate
with a service account. See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/gcloud\-asset
for examples of using a service account.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
The ID of the folder which is the root asset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The ID of the organization which is the root asset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
The project which is the root asset.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-types\fR=[\fIASSET_TYPES\fR,...]
A list of asset types (i.e., "compute.googleapis.com/Disk") to take a snapshot.
If specified and non\-empty, only assets matching the specified types will be
returned. See
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview
for supported asset types.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR
Asset content type. If not specified, no content but the asset name and type
will be returned in the feed. For more information, see
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/cloud\-asset\-inventory/overview#asset_content_type.
\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBresource\fR, \fBiam\-policy\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-time\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_TIME\fR
Timestamp to take a snapshot on assets. This can only be a current or past time.
If not specified, the current time will be used. Due to delays in resource data
collection and indexing, there is a volatile window during which running the
same query at different times may return different results. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list a snapshot of assets of type 'compute.googleapis.com/Disk' in project
\'test\-project' at '2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha asset list \-\-project='test\-project' \e
    \-\-asset\-types='compute.googleapis.com/Disk' \e
    \-\-snapshot\-time='2019\-03\-05T00:00:00Z'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

