
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_INTERACTIVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha interactive \- start the gcloud interactive shell



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha interactive\fR [\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-cli\-trees\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha interactive\fR provides an enhanced \fBbash\fR(1)
command line with features that include:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
auto\-completion for \fBgcloud\fR commands, flags and resource arguments
.IP "\(bu" 2m
support for other CLIs including \fBbq\fR, \fBgsutil\fR and \fBkubectl\fR
.IP "\(bu" 2m
state preservation across commands: \fBcd\fR, local/environment variables
.RE
.sp



.SH "Display"

The \fBgcloud alpha interactive\fR display window is divided into sections,
described here from top to bottom.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBPrevious Output\fR
Command output scrolls above the command input section as commands are executed.

.TP 2m
\fBCommand Input\fR
Commands are typed, completed and edited in this section. The default prompt is
"$ ". If a context has been set, then its tokens are prepopulated before the
cursor.

.TP 2m
\fBActive Help\fR
As you type, this section displays in\-line help summaries for commands, flags
and arguments. You can toggle active help on and off via the \fBF2\fR key.

.TP 2m
\fBStatus Display\fR
Current \fBgcloud\fR project and account information, and function key
descriptions and settings are displayed in this section. Function keys toggle
mode/state settings or run specific actions.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBF2:help:\fR\fISTATE\fR
Toggles the active help section, \fBON\fR when enabled, \fBOFF\fR when disabled.

.TP 2m
\fBF3:\fR\fIEDIT\-MODE\fR
Toggles the command line edit mode, either \fBemacs\fR or \fBvi\fR. The default
is determined by the \fBbash\fR(1) set \-o vi|emacs setting.

.TP 2m
\fBF7:context\fR
Sets the context for command input, so you won't have to re\-type common command
prefixes at every prompt. The context is the command line from just after the
prompt up to the cursor.

For example, if you are about to work with \f5gcloud compute\fR for a while,
type \fBgcloud compute\fR and hit \fBF7\fR. This will display \fBgcloud
compute\fR at subsequent prompts until the context is changed.

Hit ^C and \fBF7\fR to clear the context, or edit a command line and/or move the
cursor and hit \fBF7\fR to set a different context.

.TP 2m
\fBF8:browse\fR
Opens a web browser tab/window to display the complete man page help for the
current command. If there is no active web browser (running in \fBssh\fR(1) for
example), then command specific help or \fBman\fR(1) help is attempted.

.TP 2m
\fBF9:quit\fR
Exit.

.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "Auto and TAB Completion"

Command completions are displayed in a scrolling pop\-up window. Use TAB and
up/down keys to navigate the completions, and ENTER/RETURN to select the
highlighted completion. Completions for \fIknown\fR commands, flags and static
flag values are displayed automatically. Positional and dynamic flag value
completions for \fIknown\fR commands are displayed after TAB is entered. TAB
completion for unknown commands defers to \fBbash\fR(1), but using the
\fBinteractive\fR user interface. Absent specific command information, a
file/path completer is used when TAB is entered for unknown positionals
(arguments that do not start with '\-').


.SH "Control Characters"

Control characters affect the currently running command or the current command
line being entered at the prompt.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB^C\fR
If a command is currently running, then that command is interrupted. This
terminates the command. Otherwise, if no command is running, ^C clears the
current command line.

.TP 2m
\fB^D\fR
Exits when entered as the first character at the command prompt. You can also
run the \fBexit\fR command at the prompt.

.TP 2m
\fB^W\fR
If a command is not currently running, then the last word on the command line is
deleted. This is handy for "walking back" partial completions.

.RE
.sp

.SH "Command history"

\fBgcloud alpha interactive\fR maintains persistent command history across
sessions.


.SH "emacs mode"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB^N\fR
Move ahead one line in the history.
.TP 2m
\fB^P\fR
Move back one line in the history.
.TP 2m
\fB^R\fR
Search backwards in the history.
.RE
.sp

.SH "vi mode"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
/
Search backwards in the history.
.TP 2m
\fBj\fR
Move ahead one line in the history.
.TP 2m
\fBk\fR
Move back one line in the history.
.TP 2m
\fBn\fR
Search backwards for the next match.
.TP 2m
\fBN\fR
Search forwards for the next match.
.RE
.sp

.SH "history search mode"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBENTER/RETURN\fR
Retrieve the matched command line from the history.
.TP 2m
\fB^R\fR
Search backwards for the next match.
.TP 2m
\fB^S\fR
Search forwards for the next match.
.RE
.sp

.SH "Layout Configuration"

Parts of the layout are configurable via \fB$ gcloud config set\fR
interactive/\fIproperty\fR. These properties are only checked at startup. You
must exit and restart to see the effects of new settings.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbottom_bindings_line\fR
If True, display the bottom key bindings line. The default value is \fBtrue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBbottom_status_line\fR
If True, display the bottom status line. The default value is \fBfalse\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBcompletion_menu_lines\fR
Number of lines in the completion menu. The default value is \fB4\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBcontext\fR
Command context string. The default value is "".

.TP 2m
\fBfixed_prompt_position\fR
If True, display the prompt at the same position. The default value is
\fBfalse\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBhelp_lines\fR
Maximum number of help snippet lines. The default value is \fB10\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBhidden\fR
If True, expose hidden commands/flags. The default value is \fBfalse\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBjustify_bottom_lines\fR
If True, left\- and right\-justify bottom toolbar lines. The default value is
\fBfalse\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBmanpage_generator\fR
If True, use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported commands. The
default value is \fBtrue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBmulti_column_completion_menu\fR
If True, display the completions as a multi\-column menu. The default value is
\fBfalse\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBprompt\fR
Command prompt string. The default value is "$ ".

.TP 2m
\fBshow_help\fR
If True, show help as command args are being entered. The default value is
\fBtrue\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBsuggest\fR
If True, add command line suggestions based on history. The default value is
\fBfalse\fR.

.RE
.sp

.SH "CLI Trees"

\fBgcloud alpha interactive\fR uses CLI tree data files for typeahead, command
line completion and help snippet generation. A few CLI trees are installed with
their respective Cloud SDK components: \fBgcloud\fR (core component), \fBbq\fR,
\fBgsutil\fR, and \fBkubectl\fR. See \f5$ gcloud topic cli\-trees\fR for
details.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The default command context. This is a string containing a command name, flags
and arguments. The context is prepopulated in each command line. You can inline
edit any part of the context, or ^C to eliminate it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-cli\-trees\fR
Update the \fBbq\fR, \fBgsutil\fR and \fBkubectl\fR CLI trees, if the
corresponding command components have been installed. Run with this flag
\fBonce\fR to enable completion and active help for these commands. NOTICE: it
may take a few minutes to complete. This is a workaround that will be automatic
(and \fIfaster\fR) in a future release.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Run \fBgcloud alpha interactive\fR with the command context set to "gcloud ":

.RS 2m
gcloud alpha interactive \-\-context="gcloud "
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

On Windows install \fBgit\fR(1) for a \fBbash\fR(1) experience. \fBgcloud alpha
interactive\fR will then use the \fBgit\fR (MinGW) \fBbash\fR instead of
\fBcmd.exe\fR.

Please run \fB$ gcloud feedback\fR to report bugs or request new features.

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

