
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_TRANSLATE_BATCH\-TRANSLATE\-TEXT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml translate batch\-translate\-text \- translates a large volume of text in asynchronous batch mode



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml translate batch\-translate\-text\fR \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR \fB\-\-source\fR=[\fISOURCE\fR,...] \fB\-\-source\-language\fR=\fISOURCE_LANGUAGE\fR \fB\-\-target\-language\-codes\fR=[\fITARGET_LANGUAGE_CODES\fR,...] [\fB\-\-glossaries\fR=[\fIGLOSSARIES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-models\fR=[\fIMODELS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR;\ default="global"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Translates a large volume of text in asynchronous batch mode. This
command provides real\-time output as the inputs are being processed.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Location to which the results should be written. Must be a Google Cloud Storage
URI.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=[\fISOURCE\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of entries of the form FILE_PATH[=FILE_TYPE] specifying
source files and files types for the translation. FILE_PATH must be a Google
Cloud Storage URI. FILE_TYPE defaults to 'text/html' if not present. Possible
FILE_TYPES are 'text/html', 'text/plain'.

Usage:

\'\-\-source gs://input/input.txt=text/plain,gs://input/my.html=text/html'

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-language\fR=\fISOURCE_LANGUAGE\fR
Source language code of the text.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-language\-codes\fR=[\fITARGET_LANGUAGE_CODES\fR,...]
The languages to which the text is to be translated. Specify up to 10 language
codes here.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-glossaries\fR=[\fIGLOSSARIES\fR,...]
Glossaries to be applied for translation. Comma\-separated dictionary where
map's key is target language code, map's value is glossary name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-models\fR=[\fIMODELS\fR,...]
Models to use for translation. Comma\-separated dictionary where map's key is
target language code, map's value is model name. Value can be a built\-in
general model, or an AutoML Translation model.

Usage:

\'\-\-models es\-ES=TRL321456789,en\-US=general/nmt'

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR; default="global"
Location to make calls. Non\-global location is required for requests using
AutoML models. Currently, only 'us\-central1' is supported as a non\-global
location. Defaults to 'global'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtranslate/v3beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/translate/docs/quickstarts



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command translates 'input.txt' file into French and Spanish:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml translate batch\-translate\-text \e
    \-\-source=gs://input.txt=text/plain \-\-zone=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-target\-language\-codes=fr\-CA,es\-ES \-\-source\-language=en\-US \e
    \-\-models=fr\-CA=TRL321456,es\-ES=general/base \e
    \-\-destination=gs://output
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml translate batch\-translate\-text
.RE

