
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_PATCH\-JOBS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel \- cancel a specific OS patch job which must currently be active



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel\fR \fIPATCH_JOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Patch job resource \- Patch job to cancel. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [patch_job] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPATCH_JOB\fR
ID of the patch_job or fully qualified identifier for the patch_job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel the patch job \f5job1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel job1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs cancel
.RE

