
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_ORG\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies \- manage Org Policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta resource\-manager org\-policies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Commands to query and to update your Org Policies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBallow\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add values to an Organization Policy allowed_values list policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an Organization Policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdeny\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add values to an Organization Policy denied_values list policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an Organization Policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-enforce\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Turns off enforcement of boolean Organization Policy constraint.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\-enforce\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Turns on enforcement of boolean Organization Policy constraint.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Organization Policies associated with the specified resource.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set Organization Policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager org\-policies
.RE

