
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_START\-IAP\-TUNNEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute start\-iap\-tunnel \- starts an IAP TCP Fordwarding tunnel over WebSocket connection



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute start\-iap\-tunnel\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fIINSTANCE_PORT\fR [\fB\-\-local\-host\-port\fR=\fILOCAL_HOST_PORT\fR;\ default="localhost:0"] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Starts a tunnel to the Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy through which
another process can create a connection (eg. SSH, RDP) to a Google Compute
Engine instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on.

.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_PORT\fR
The name or number of the instance's port to connect to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-host\-port\fR=\fILOCAL_HOST_PORT\fR; default="localhost:0"
Host:port to which the proxy should be bound.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
Specifies the name of the instance network interface to connect to. If this is
not provided, then "nic0" is used as the default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute start\-iap\-tunnel
.RE

