
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies \- manage Compute Engine organization security policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Compute Engine organization security policies. Organization
security policies are used to control incoming/outgoing traffic.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBassociations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine organization security policy
associations.

.TP 2m
\fBrules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine organization security policy
rules.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcopy\-rules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Replace the rules of a Compute Engine organization security policy
with rules from another policy.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Compute Engine organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Compute Engine organization security policies.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-rules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the rules of a Compute Engine organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Move a Compute Engine organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Compute Engine organization security policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies
.RE

