
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances update \- update a Google Compute Engine virtual machine



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances update\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-[no\-]deletion\-protection\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-[no\-]shielded\-vm\-integrity\-monitoring\fR] [\fB\-\-shielded\-vm\-learn\-integrity\-policy\fR] [\fB\-\-[no\-]shielded\-vm\-secure\-boot\fR] [\fB\-\-[no\-]shielded\-vm\-vtpm\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute instances update\fR updates labels and
requested CPU Platform for a Google Compute Engine virtual machine. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances update example\-instance \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a \-\-update\-labels=k0=value1,k1=value2 \e
    \-\-remove\-labels=k3
.RE

will add/update labels \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR and remove labels with
key \f5\fIk3\fR\fR.

Labels can be used to identify the instance and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances describe example\-instance \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]deletion\-protection\fR
Enables deletion protection for the instance. Use \fB\-\-deletion\-protection\fR
to enable and \fB\-\-no\-deletion\-protection\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the VM will be scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture
or a newer one. To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute zones describe ZONE \e
  \-\-format="value(availableCpuPlatforms)"
.RE

Default setting is "AUTOMATIC".

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones.

You can find more information on\-line:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/specify\-min\-cpu\-platform

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]shielded\-vm\-integrity\-monitoring\fR
Enables monitoring and attestation of the boot integrity of the instance. The
attestation is performed against the integrity policy baseline. This baseline is
initially derived from the implicitly trusted boot image when the instance is
created. This baseline can be updated by using
\f5\-\-shielded\-vm\-learn\-integrity\-policy\fR. Changes to this setting (via
the update command) will only take effect after stopping and starting the
instance. Use \fB\-\-shielded\-vm\-integrity\-monitoring\fR to enable and
\fB\-\-no\-shielded\-vm\-integrity\-monitoring\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shielded\-vm\-learn\-integrity\-policy\fR
Causes the instance to re\-learn the integrity policy baseline using the current
instance configuration. Use this flag after any planned boot\-specific changes
in the instance configuration, like kernel updates or kernel driver
installation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]shielded\-vm\-secure\-boot\fR
The instance will boot with secure boot enabled. Changes to this setting (via
the update command) will only take effect after stopping and starting the
instance. Use \fB\-\-shielded\-vm\-secure\-boot\fR to enable and
\fB\-\-no\-shielded\-vm\-secure\-boot\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]shielded\-vm\-vtpm\fR
The instance will boot with the TPM (Trusted Platform Module) enabled. A TPM is
a hardware module that can be used for different security operations such as
remote attestation, encryption and sealing of keys. Changes to this setting (via
the update command) will only take effect after stopping and starting the
instance. Use \fB\-\-shielded\-vm\-vtpm\fR to enable and
\fB\-\-no\-shielded\-vm\-vtpm\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to update. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances update
$ gcloud alpha compute instances update
.RE

