
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-TCP\-PROXIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-tcp\-proxies \- list, create, and delete target TCP proxies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-tcp\-proxies\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete target TCP proxies for TCP Proxy Load
Balancing.

For more information about target TCP proxies, see the TCP proxy load balancer
documentation (https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/tcp/).

See also: Target TCP proxies API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/targetTcpProxies).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a target TCP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete target TCP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about a target TCP proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine target TCP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a target TCP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-tcp\-proxies
$ gcloud beta compute target\-tcp\-proxies
.RE

