
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCT\-SETS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets update \- update a product set



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets update\fR (\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a product set.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Product set resource \- Product set to update. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [product_set] on the command line with
a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR
ID of the product set or fully qualified identifier for the product set. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of product set.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The user provided name for this product set. It must not be empty and must be at
most 4096 characters long.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To change the display name to 'my favorite' of product set 'my\-product\-set' in
locaiton 'us\-east1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search product\-sets update \e
    my\-produt\-set \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-display\-name='my favorite'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search product\-sets update
.RE

