
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine node group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fINODE_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Add an IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine node group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Node group resource \- The node group for which to add IAM policy binding to.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[node_group] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINODE_GROUP\fR
ID of the node_group or fully qualified identifier for the node_group. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with node group 'my\-node\-group' and zone 'ZONE', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-node\-group \-\-zone=ZONE \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

