
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EVENTS_INIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta events init \- initialize a cluster for eventing



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta events init\fR [\fB\-\-broker\-service\-account\fR=\fIBROKER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-sources\-service\-account\fR=\fISOURCES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Initialize a cluster for eventing. Enables necessary services for
the project, adds necessary IAM policy bindings to the provided service account,
and creates a new key for the provided service account. This command is only
available with Cloud Run for Anthos.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-broker\-service\-account\fR=\fIBROKER_SERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
Email address of an existing events broker IAM service account. If no service
account is provided, a default service account (cloud\-run\-events\-broker) will
be created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Cloud. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR and
\f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
Email address of an existing IAM service account which represents the identity
of the internal events operator. If no service account is provided, a default
service account (cloud\-run\-events) will be created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sources\-service\-account\fR=\fISOURCES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
Email address of an existing events sources IAM service account. If no service
account is provided, a default service account (cloud\-run\-events\-sources)
will be created.

.TP 2m

Arguments to locate resources, depending on the platform used. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To initialize a cluster:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta events init
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

