
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_ENABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services enable \- enables a service for consumption for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services enable\fR [\fISERVICE\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command enables a service for consumption for a project.

To see a list of available services for a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services list \-\-available
.RE

More information on listing services can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/service\-management/list\-services and on enabling a
service at:
https://cloud.google.com/service\-management/enable\-disable#enabling_services



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISERVICE\fR ...]
The name of the service(s) to enable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable a service called \f5my\-consumed\-service\fR on the current project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services enable my\-consumed\-service
.RE

To run the same command asynchronously (non\-blocking), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services enable my\-consumed\-service \-\-async
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services enable
$ gcloud beta services enable
.RE

