
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances import \- create Google Compute Engine virtual machine instances from virtual appliance in OVA/OVF format



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances import\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR \fB\-\-source\-uri\fR=\fISOURCE_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR] [\fB\-\-deletion\-protection\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-guest\-environment\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR] [\fB\-\-private\-network\-ip\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK_IP\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="2h"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR\ \fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances import\fR creates Google Compute
Engine virtual machine instances from virtual appliance in OVA/OVF format.

Importing OVF involves:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Unpacking OVF package (if in OVA format) to Cloud Storage.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Import disks from OVF to Google Compute Engine.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Translate the boot disk to make it bootable in Google Compute Engine.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Create a VM instance using OVF metadata and imported disks and boot it.
.RE
.sp

Virtual machine instances, images and disks in Compute engine and files stored
on Cloud Storage incur charges. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/images/importing\-virtual\-disks#resource_cleanup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR [\fIINSTANCE_NAMES\fR ...]
Names of the instances to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-os\fR=\fIOS\fR
Specifies the OS of the image being imported. \fIOS\fR must be one of:
\fBcentos\-6\fR, \fBcentos\-7\fR, \fBdebian\-8\fR, \fBdebian\-9\fR,
\fBrhel\-6\fR, \fBrhel\-6\-byol\fR, \fBrhel\-7\fR, \fBrhel\-7\-byol\fR,
\fBubuntu\-1404\fR, \fBubuntu\-1604\fR, \fBwindows\-2008r2\fR,
\fBwindows\-2012\fR, \fBwindows\-2012r2\fR, \fBwindows\-2016\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-uri\fR=\fISOURCE_URI\fR
Google Cloud Storage path to one of: OVF descriptor OVA file Directory with OVF
package


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-can\-ip\-forward\fR
If provided, allows the instances to send and receive packets with non\-matching
destination or source IP addresses.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-deletion\-protection\fR
Enables deletion protection for the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Specifies a textual description of the instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-guest\-environment\fR
Google Guest Environment will be installed on the instance. Enabled by default,
use \fB\-\-no\-guest\-environment\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
Specifies the machine type used for the instances. To get a list of available
machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. If unspecified, the
default type is n1\-standard\-1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Specifies the network that the instances will be part of. If \-\-subnet is also
specified subnet must be a subnetwork of network specified by \-\-network. If
neither is specified, this defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-tier\fR=\fINETWORK_TIER\fR
Specifies the network tier that will be used to configure the instance.
\f5\fINETWORK_TIER\fR\fR must be one of: \f5PREMIUM\fR, \f5STANDARD\fR. The
default value is \f5PREMIUM\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-network\-ip\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK_IP\fR
Specifies the RFC1918 IP to assign to the instance. The IP should be in the
subnet or legacy network IP range.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-restart\-on\-failure\fR
The instances will be restarted if they are terminated by Compute Engine. This
does not affect terminations performed by the user. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-restart\-on\-failure\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Specifies the subnet that the instances will be part of. If \-\-network is also
specified subnet must be a subnetwork of network specified by \-\-network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the instance. These tags allow network
firewall rules and routes to be applied to specified VM instances. See \fBgcloud
compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.

To read more about configuring network tags, read this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/add\-remove\-network\-tags

To list instances with their respective status and tags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table(name,status,tags.list())'
.RE

To list instances tagged with a specific tag, \f5tag1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags:tag1'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="2h"
Maximum time a build can last before it is failed as "TIMEOUT". For example,
specifying \f5\fI2h\fR\fR will fail the process after 2 hours. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instances to import. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Custom machine type extensions.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-cpu\fR=\fICUSTOM_CPU\fR
A whole number value indicating how many cores are desired in the custom machine
type. This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-memory\fR=\fICUSTOM_MEMORY\fR
A whole number value indicating how much memory is desired in the custom machine
type. A size unit should be provided (eg. 3072MB or 9GB) \- if no units are
specified, GB is assumed. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-extensions\fR
Use the extended custom machine type.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

