
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_SSL\-CERTIFICATES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app ssl\-certificates update \- updates an SSL certificate



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app ssl\-certificates update\fR \fIID\fR [\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Updates an SSL certificate.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIID\fR
The id of the certificate. This identifier is printed upon creation of a new
certificate. Run \f5gcloud beta app ssl\-certificates list\fR to view existing
certificates.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificate\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
The file path for the new certificate to upload. Must be in PEM x.509 format
including the header and footer.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A display name for this certificate.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-key\fR=\fILOCAL_FILE_PATH\fR
The file path to a local RSA private key file. The private key must be PEM
encoded with header and footer and must be 2048 bits or fewer.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update an App Engine SSL certificate, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app ssl\-certificates update 1234 \e
  \-\-display\-name='updated name'                 \e
  \-\-certificate='/home/user/me/new_cert.cer'                 \e
  \-\-private\-key='/home/user/me/new_key.pfx'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app ssl\-certificates update
$ gcloud alpha app ssl\-certificates update
.RE

