
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUN_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta run services \- view and manage your Cloud Run services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta run services\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This set of commands can be used to view and manage your existing
Cloud Run services.

To create new deployments, use \f5gcloud beta run deploy\fR.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Cloud. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR and
\f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Arguments to locate resources, depending on the platform used. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\f5\-\-platform=managed\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Run service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Obtain details about a given service.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Run service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List available services.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Cloud Run service.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update Cloud Run environment variables and other configuration
settings.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your deployed services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run services
$ gcloud alpha run services
.RE

