
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable instances create \- create a new Bigtable instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-config\fR=[\fIid\fR=\fIID\fR,\fIzone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\fInodes\fR=\fINODES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-cluster\-num\-nodes\fR=\fICLUSTER_NUM_NODES\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\-storage\-type\fR=\fICLUSTER_STORAGE_TYPE\fR;\ default="ssd"] [\fB\-\-cluster\-zone\fR=\fICLUSTER_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-instance\-type\fR=\fIINSTANCE_TYPE\fR;\ default="PRODUCTION"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Bigtable instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to create. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [instance] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Friendly name of the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
(DEPRECATED) ID of the cluster

The \-\-cluster argument is deprecated; use \-\-cluster\-config instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-config\fR=[\fIid\fR=\fIID\fR,\fIzone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\fInodes\fR=\fINODES\fR,...]
\fBRepeatable\fR. Specify cluster config as a key\-value dictionary.

This is the recommended argument for specifying cluster configurations.

Keys can be:

.RS 2m
*id*: Required. The ID of the cluster.
.RE

.RS 2m
*zone*: Required. ID of the zone where the cluster is located. Supported zones are listed at https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/locations.
.RE

.RS 2m
*nodes*: The number of nodes of the cluster. Default=1.
.RE

If this argument is specified, the deprecated arguments for configuring a single
cluster will be ignored, including \fB\-\-cluster\fR, \fB\-\-cluster\-zone\fR,
\fB\-\-cluster\-num\-nodes\fR.

See \fBEXAMPLES\fR section.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-num\-nodes\fR=\fICLUSTER_NUM_NODES\fR
(DEPRECATED) Number of nodes to serve.

The \-\-cluster\-num\-nodes argument is deprecated; use \-\-cluster\-config
instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-storage\-type\fR=\fICLUSTER_STORAGE_TYPE\fR; default="ssd"
Storage class for the cluster. \fICLUSTER_STORAGE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBhdd\fR, \fBssd\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-zone\fR=\fICLUSTER_ZONE\fR
(DEPRECATED) ID of the zone where the cluster is located. Supported zones are
listed at https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/docs/locations.

The \-\-cluster\-zone argument is deprecated; use \-\-cluster\-config instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\-type\fR=\fIINSTANCE_TYPE\fR; default="PRODUCTION"
(DEPRECATED) The type of instance to create.

The \-\-instance\-type argument is deprecated. DEVELOPMENT instances are no
longer offered. All instances are of type PRODUCTION. \fIINSTANCE_TYPE\fR must
be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBDEVELOPMENT\fR
Development instances are low\-cost instances meant for development and testing
only. They do not provide high availability and no service level agreement
applies.
.TP 2m
\fBPRODUCTION\fR
Production instances provide high availability, and are suitable for
applications in production. For backward compatibility, default have 3 nodes if
\-\-cluster\-num\-nodes is not specified.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an instance with id \f5my\-instance\-id\fR with a cluster located in
\f5us\-east1\-c\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances create my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-display\-name="My Instance" \e
    \-\-cluster\-config=id=my\-cluster\-id,zone=us\-east1\-c
.RE

To create an instance with multiple clusters, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances create my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-display\-name="My Instance" \e
    \-\-cluster\-config=id=my\-cluster\-id\-1,zone=us\-east1\-c \e
    \-\-cluster\-config=id=my\-cluster\-id\-2,zone=us\-west1\-c,nodes=3
.RE

To create an instance with \f5HDD\fR storage and \f510\fR nodes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable instances create my\-hdd\-instance \e
    \-\-display\-name="HDD Instance" \-\-cluster\-storage\-type=HDD \e
    \-\-cluster\-config=id=my\-cluster\-id,zone=us\-east1\-c,nodes=10
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable instances create
$ gcloud beta bigtable instances create
.RE

