
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_PACKET\-MIRRORINGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute packet\-mirrorings update \- update a Google Compute Engine packet mirroring



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute packet\-mirrorings update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-collector\-ilb\fR=\fICOLLECTOR_ILB\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\fR] [\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fR=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-filter\-protocols\fR=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-filter\-protocols\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-filter\-protocols\fR=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-filter\-protocols\fR=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-mirrored\-instances\fR=[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-mirrored\-instances\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-mirrored\-instances\fR=[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-mirrored\-instances\fR=[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-mirrored\-subnets\fR=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-mirrored\-subnets\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-mirrored\-subnets\fR=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-mirrored\-subnets\fR=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-mirrored\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-mirrored\-tags\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-mirrored\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-mirrored\-tags\fR=[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine packet mirroring.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the packet mirroring to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collector\-ilb\fR=\fICOLLECTOR_ILB\fR
Forwarding rule configured as collector. This must be a regional forwarding rule
(in the same region) with load balancing scheme INTERNAL and
isMirroringCollector set to true.

You can provide this as the full URL to the forwarding rule, partial URL, or
name. For example, the following are valid values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
https://compute.googleapis.com/compute/v1/projects/myproject/
regions/us\-central1/forwardingRules/fr\-1
.IP "\(em" 2m
projects/myproject/regions/us\-central1/forwardingRules/fr\-1
.IP "\(em" 2m
fr\-1
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Optional, textual description for the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\fR
Enable or disable the packet\-mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of applying this packet mirroring. Priority is used to break ties in
cases where there is more than one matching policy. In the case of two policies
that apply for a given Instance, the one with the lowest\-numbered priority
value wins. Mirroring all instances in a region for the network may produce a
lot of mirrored traffic. If you want to "zoom in" on a subset of that traffic
you can create another packet mirroring with a more restricted set of mirrored
instances (using the \-\-mirrored\-\fB flags) or a more restrictive CIDR filter
and send that traffic to a dedicated collector. Because we cannot mirror traffic
to multiple sets of collector, you should set the priority for the more specific
packet mirroring configuration to a lower value to ensure the packets are sent
to the desired collector. Default value is 1000. Valid range is 0 through 65535.
If multiple policies end up having the same priority, then one of the policies
is picked non\-deterministically.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-region\fB=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the packet mirroring to update. Overrides the default
\fRcompute/region\fB property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m

Update the filter CIDR ranges of this packet mirroring. At most one of these may
be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-add\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fB=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
List of filter CIDR ranges to add to the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-clear\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fB
If specified, clear the existing filter CIDR ranges from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-remove\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fB=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
List of filter CIDR ranges to remove from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-set\-filter\-cidr\-ranges\fB=[\fICIDR_RANGE\fR,...]
List of filter CIDR ranges to be mirrored on the packet mirroring.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Update the filter protocols of this packet mirroring. At most one of these may
be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-add\-filter\-protocols\fB=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR,...]
List of filter IP protocols to add to the packet mirroring. \fIPROTOCOL\fR must
be one of: \fRtcp\fB, \fRudp\fB, \fRicmp\fB.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-clear\-filter\-protocols\fB
If specified, clear the existing filter IP protocols from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-remove\-filter\-protocols\fB=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR,...]
List of filter IP protocols to remove from the packet mirroring. \fIPROTOCOL\fR
must be one of: \fRtcp\fB, \fRudp\fB, \fRicmp\fB.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-set\-filter\-protocols\fB=[\fIPROTOCOL\fR,...]
List of filter IP protocols to be mirrored on the packet mirroring.
\fIPROTOCOL\fR must be one of: \fRtcp\fB, \fRudp\fB, \fRicmp\fB.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Update the mirrored instances of this packet mirroring. At most one of these may
be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-add\-mirrored\-instances\fB=[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
List of instances to add to the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-clear\-mirrored\-instances\fB
If specified, clear the existing instances from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-remove\-mirrored\-instances\fB=[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
List of instances to remove from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-set\-mirrored\-instances\fB=[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
List of instances to be mirrored on the packet mirroring.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Update the mirrored subnets of this packet mirroring. At most one of these may
be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-add\-mirrored\-subnets\fB=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]
List of subnets to add to the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-clear\-mirrored\-subnets\fB
If specified, clear the existing subnets from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-remove\-mirrored\-subnets\fB=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]
List of subnets to remove from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-set\-mirrored\-subnets\fB=[\fISUBNET\fR,...]
List of subnets to be mirrored on the packet mirroring.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Update the mirrored tags of this packet mirroring. To read more about
configuring network tags, read this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/add\-remove\-network\-tags

The virtual machines with the provided tags must live in zones contained in the
same region as this packet mirroring. At most one of these may be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fR\-\-add\-mirrored\-tags\fB=[\fITAG\fR,...]
List of tags to add to the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-clear\-mirrored\-tags\fB
If specified, clear the existing tags from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-remove\-mirrored\-tags\fB=[\fITAG\fR,...]
List of tags to remove from the packet mirroring.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-set\-mirrored\-tags\fB=[\fITAG\fR,...]
List of tags to be mirrored on the packet mirroring.


\fR
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

