
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_PREVIEW" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups preview \- retrieve a list of users in a customer account using CEL query



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups preview\fR \fB\-\-customer\fR=\fICUSTOMER\fR [\fB\-\-custom\-field\-mask\fR=[\fIcustom\-mask\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR;\ default=100] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-projection\fR=\fIPROJECTION\fR;\ default="basic"] [\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR] [\fB\-\-view\-type\fR=\fIVIEW_TYPE\fR;\ default="admin\-view"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Retrieve a list of users in a customer account using CEL query.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-customer\fR=\fICUSTOMER\fR
The customer ID for the customer's G Suite account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\-field\-mask\fR=[\fIcustom\-mask\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of schema names. All fields from these schemas are
fetched. This should only be set when \-\-projection=custom.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR; default=100
Maximum number of results to return. Acceptable values are 1 to 500, inclusive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
Token to specify next page in the list.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-projection\fR=\fIPROJECTION\fR; default="basic"
Subsets of fields to fetch for this user. \fIPROJECTION\fR must be one of:
\fBbasic\fR, \fBfull\fR, \fBcustom\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\fR=\fIQUERY\fR
Query string using CEL and supported user attributes

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\-type\fR=\fIVIEW_TYPE\fR; default="admin\-view"
Whether to fetch the administrator\-only or domain\-wide public view of the
user. \fIVIEW_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBadmin\-view\fR, \fBdomain\-public\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To retrieve a list of user in a customer and filter it with a query, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups preview \e
    \-\-query="user.locations.exists(loc, loc.desk_code == 'abc')" \e
    \-\-customer=A1234abcd
.RE

To retrieve a list of users with only fullName and primaryEMail fields, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups preview \e
    \-\-query="user.locations.exists(loc, loc.desk_code == 'abc')" \e
    \-\-customer=A1234abcd \e
    \-\-format="flattened(nextPageToken, users[].primaryEmail,\e
 users[].name.fullName)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups preview
.RE

