
.TH "GCLOUD_AI\-PLATFORM_MODELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud ai\-platform models \- AI Platform Models commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud ai\-platform models\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

An AI Platform model is a container representing an ML application or service. A
model may contain multiple versions which act as the implementation of the
service. See also:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ai\-platform versions \-\-help.
.RE

For more information, please see
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/technical\-overview#model



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add IAM policy binding to a model.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a new AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete an existing AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe an existing AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List existing AI Platform models.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove IAM policy binding for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update an existing AI Platform model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai\-platform models
$ gcloud beta ai\-platform models
.RE

