
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_PRODUCTS_SEARCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml products search \- search a product catalog for a matching image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml products search\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR \fB\-\-catalog\fR=\fICATALOG\fR [\fB\-\-bounds\fR=[\fIX\fR:\fIY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-category\fR=\fICATEGORY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Query a product catalog with a provided images comparing the
product in the image with the reference images in the catalog. Returns a ranked
list of visually and semantically similar results.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
The path to the image to be searched for. This can be either a local path or a
URL. If you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google
Cloud Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-catalog\fR=\fICATALOG\fR
The ID of the catalog to search in.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bounds\fR=[\fIX\fR:\fIY\fR,...]
A set of vertices defining the bounding polygon around the area of interest in
the image. Should be a list of integer pairs, separated by commas specifying the
vertices (e.g. [x1:y2, x2:y2,x3:y3...xn:yn]). Defaults to full image if empty.
If \f5category\fR is specified without \f5bounds\fR, the inferred bounding
polygon is the entire image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-category\fR=\fICATEGORY\fR
String specifying the product category to search in.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBalpha_vision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

