
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates export \- export a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates export\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Exports a workflow template's configuration to a file. This
configuration can be imported at a later time.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to export. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag [TEMPLATE] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
The ID of the template or a fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud DataProc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
The path to a YAML file to which the Dataproc WorkflowTemplate resource will be
exported. The exported template will not contain id, version, or any
output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag to write to the
standard output. For more information, see:
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/reference/rest/v1beta2/projects.locations.workflowTemplates#WorkflowTemplate

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The version of the workflow template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

