
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_NOTEBOOKS_INSTANCES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha notebooks instances set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for an Instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha notebooks instances set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha notebooks instances set\-iam\-policy\fR sets the
IAM policy for a Notebook instance given an instance ID and a JSON or YAML file
that describes the IAM policy.

Note: Setting the IAM policy for an Instance replaces existing IAM bindings for
that account.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The ID of the instance for which to display the IAM policy.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the notebook instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBnotebooks/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/notebooks/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in the JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and sets it for Instance ID \fBmy_instance\fR at the specified
locaiton:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances set\-iam\-policy my_instance \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1\-a policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for policy file format
and content details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks instances set\-iam\-policy
.RE

