
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUN_SERVICES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta run services describe \- obtain details about a given service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta run services describe\fR (\fISERVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Obtain details about a given service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- Service to describe. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Kubernetes namespace for the service


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Kubernetes
Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [run/cluster] with a fully specified name; specify the
cluster from a list of available clusters with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: Zone in which the cluster is
located. Alternatively, set the property [run/cluster_location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To obtain details about a given service:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services describe <service\-name>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run services describe
.RE

