
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_NAMESPACES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a namespace



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fINAMESPACE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a namespace.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Namespace resource \- The Service Directory namespace to add IAM policy binding
to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[namespace] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAMESPACE\fR
ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the namespace.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding to a Service Directory namespace, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-namespace \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-role=roles/owner \e
    \-\-member=user:foo@gmail.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

