
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_EDIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute backend\-services edit \- modify backend services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute backend\-services edit\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute backend\-services edit\fR can be used to
modify a backend service. The backend service resource is fetched from the
server and presented in a text editor. After the file is saved and closed, this
command will update the resource. Only fields that can be modified are displayed
in the editor.

Backends are named by their associated instances groups, and one of the
\f5\fI\-\-group\fR\fR or \f5\fI\-\-instance\-group\fR\fR flags is required to
identify the backend that you are modifying. You cannot "change" the instance
group associated with a backend, but you can accomplish something similar with
\f5\fIbackend\-services remove\-backend\fR\fR and \f5\fIbackend\-services
add\-backend\fR\fR.

The editor used to modify the resource is chosen by inspecting the
\f5\fIEDITOR\fR\fR environment variable.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the backend service to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the backend service to operate on. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services edit
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services edit
.RE

