
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute images export \- export a Google Compute Engine image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute images export\fR \fIIMAGE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-destination\-uri\fR=\fIDESTINATION_URI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-export\-format\fR=\fIEXPORT_FORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="2h"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute images export\fR exports Virtual Disk
images from Google Compute Engine.

By default, images are exported in the Google Compute Engine format, which is a
disk.raw file that has been tarred and gzipped.

The \f5\-\-export\-format\fR flag will export the image to a format supported by
QEMU using qemu\-img. Valid formats include \f5vmdk\fR, \f5vhdx\fR, \f5vpc\fR,
\f5vdi\fR, and \f5qcow2\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
The name of the disk image to export.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-uri\fR=\fIDESTINATION_URI\fR
The Google Cloud Storage URI destination for the exported virtual disk file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-format\fR=\fIEXPORT_FORMAT\fR
Specify the format to export to, such as \f5vmdk\fR, \f5vhdx\fR, \f5vpc\fR, or
\f5qcow2\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR
Directory in Google Cloud Storage to hold build logs. If not set,
\f5gs://<project num>.cloudbuild\-logs.googleusercontent.com/\fR will be created
and used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="2h"
Maximum time a build can last before it is failed as "TIMEOUT". For example,
specifying \f5\fI2h\fR\fR will fail the process after 2 hours. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on duration formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

