
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc jobs describe \- view the details of a job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc jobs describe\fR (\fIJOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

View the details of a job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The ID of the job to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the job. Each Dataproc region constitutes an independent
resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute Engine zones
inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value
for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view the details of a job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs describe job_id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs describe
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs describe
.RE

