
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_AUTOSCALING\-POLICIES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for an autoscaling policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for an autoscaling policy, given an
autoscaling policy ID and the IAM policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Autoscaling policy resource \- The autoscaling policy to retrieve the IAM policy
for. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[autoscaling_policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAUTOSCALING_POLICY\fR
ID of the autoscaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the autoscaling
policy. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the autoscaling policy. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for an autoscaling\-policy with identifier
\'example\-autoscaling\-policy'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc autoscaling\-policies set\-iam\-policy \e
  autoscaling\-policies set\-iam\-policy \e
    example\-autoscaling\-policy policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc autoscaling\-policies set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta dataproc autoscaling\-policies set\-iam\-policy
.RE

