
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_APP\-PROFILES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable app\-profiles describe \- describe an existing Bigtable app profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable app\-profiles describe\fR (\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an existing Bigtable app profile.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

App profile resource \- The app profile to describe. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [app_profile] on the command line with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPP_PROFILE\fR
ID of the app profile or fully qualified identifier for the app profile. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Bigtable instance for the app profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view an app profile's description, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable app\-profiles describe my\-app\-profile\-id \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable app\-profiles describe
$ gcloud beta bigtable app\-profiles describe
.RE

