
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_DISABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services disable \- disable a service for consumption for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services disable\fR [\fISERVICE\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command disables one or more previously\-enabled services for
consumption.

To see a list of the enabled services for a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services list
.RE

More information on listing services can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/service\-usage/docs/list\-services and on disabling a
service at: https://cloud.google.com/service\-usage/docs/enable\-disable



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISERVICE\fR ...]
The name of the service(s) to disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
If specified, the disable call will proceed even if there are enabled services
which depend on the service to be disabled. Forcing the call means that the
services which depend on the service to be disabled will also be disabled.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To disable a service called \f5my\-consumed\-service\fR for the active project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services disable my\-consumed\-service
.RE

To run the same command asynchronously (non\-blocking), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services disable my\-consumed\-service \-\-async
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services disable
$ gcloud beta services disable
.RE

