
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTP\-PROXIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies create \- create a target HTTP proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\-url\-map\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-url\-map\-region\fR=\fIURL_MAP_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies create\fR is used to
create target HTTP proxies. A target HTTP proxy is referenced by one or more
forwarding rules which specify the network traffic that the proxy is responsible
for routing. The target HTTP proxy points to a URL map that defines the rules
for routing the requests. The URL map's job is to map URLs to backend services
which handle the actual requests.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target HTTP proxy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource that defines the mapping of URLs to backend
services. The URL map must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target HTTP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the target HTTP proxy.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the target HTTP proxy is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the target HTTP proxy to create. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-url\-map\fR
If set, the url map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\-region\fR=\fIURL_MAP_REGION\fR
Region of the url map to operate on. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

If there is an already\-created URL map with the name URL_MAP, create a target
HTTP proxy pointing to this map by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies create PROXY_NAME \e
    \-\-url\-map URL_MAP
.RE

To create a proxy with a textual description, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies create PROXY_NAME \e
    \-\-url\-map URL_MAP \-\-description "default proxy"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies create
$ gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies create
.RE

