
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_ALLOCATION\-POLICIES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers allocation\-policies describe \- describe an Allocation Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers allocation\-policies describe\fR (\fIALLOCATION_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Game Server Allocation Policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Allocation policy resource \- Cloud Game Server Allocation Policy to describe.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[allocation_policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIALLOCATION_POLICY\fR
ID of the allocation policy or fully qualified identifier for the allocation
policy. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

