
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML\-ENGINE_MODELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml\-engine models \- AI Platform Models commands



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml\-engine models\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR An AI Platform model is a container representing an ML application
or service. A model may contain multiple versions which act as the
implementation of the service. See also:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine versions \-\-help.
.RE

For more information, please see
https://cloud.google.com/ml/docs/concepts/technical\-overview#model



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a model.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an existing AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an existing AI Platform model.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List existing AI Platform models.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a ML model.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a model.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing AI Platform model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine models
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine models
.RE

