
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_SET\-DEFAULT\-SERVICE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute url\-maps set\-default\-service \- change the default service or default bucket of a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute url\-maps set\-default\-service\fR \fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute url\-maps set\-default\-service\fR is used
to change the default service or default bucket of a URL map. The default
service or default bucket is used for any requests for which there is no mapping
in the URL map.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR
Name of the URL map to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR
A backend bucket that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps set\-default\-service
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps set\-default\-service
.RE

