
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-HTTP\-PROXIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies update \- update a target HTTP proxy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies update\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\-url\-map\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-url\-map\-region\fR=\fIURL_MAP_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute target\-http\-proxies update\fR is used to
change the URL map of existing target HTTP proxies. A target HTTP proxy is
referenced by one or more forwarding rules which specify the network traffic
that the proxy is responsible for routing. The target HTTP proxy points to a URL
map that defines the rules for routing the requests. The URL map's job is to map
URLs to backend services which handle the actual requests.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the target HTTP proxy to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\fR=\fIURL_MAP\fR
A reference to a URL map resource that defines the mapping of URLs to backend
services. The URL map must exist and cannot be deleted while referenced by a
target HTTP proxy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the target HTTP proxy is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the target HTTP proxy to update. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\-url\-map\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-url\-map\-region\fR=\fIURL_MAP_REGION\fR
Region of the URL map to operate on. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-http\-proxies update
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-http\-proxies update
.RE

