
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql instances \- provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Provide commands for managing Cloud SQL instances including
creating, configuring, restarting, and deleting instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBclone\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Clones a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a new Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Displays configuration and metadata about a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Exports data from a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBfailover\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Causes a high\-availability Cloud SQL instance to failover.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from
Google Cloud Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Lists Cloud SQL instances in a given project.

.TP 2m
\fBpatch\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Updates the settings of a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBpromote\-replica\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Promotes Cloud SQL read replica to a stand\-alone instance.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\-ssl\-config\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes all client certificates and generates a new server
certificate.

.TP 2m
\fBrestart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Restarts a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\-backup\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Restores a backup of a Cloud SQL instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances
.RE

