
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta domains registrations export \- export a Cloud Domains registration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta domains registrations export\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export the domain to direct management by Google Domains. The
domain remains valid until expiry.

After you export a registered domain, the auto\-renewal will be disabled, but
you will continue to incur billing charges until the next yearly renewal date.
You will also become the sole owner of the domain in Google Domains, and Cloud
IAM is not used anymore.

To manage your domain after exporting, visit Google Domains at
https://domains.google.com/registrar, or see
https://support.google.com/domains/answer/3251174 for more information.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain registration to export. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [registration] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export a registration for \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta domains registrations export example.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations export
.RE

