
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create \- creates a Google Compute Engine node group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-node\-template\fR=\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR \fB\-\-target\-size\fR=\fITARGET_SIZE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-max\-size\fR=\fIMAX_SIZE\fR\ \fB\-\-min\-size\fR=\fIMIN_SIZE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a Google Compute Engine node group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the node group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-node\-template\fR=\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR
The name of the node template resource to be set for this node group.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-size\fR=\fITARGET_SIZE\fR
The target initial number of nodes in the node group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-maintenance\-policy\fR=\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR
Determines the maintenance behavior during host maintenance events.
\fIMAINTENANCE_POLICY\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdefault\fR
VM instances on the host are live migrated to a new physical server.
.TP 2m
\fBmigrate\-within\-node\-group\fR
VM instances on the host are live migrated to another node within the same node
group.
.TP 2m
\fBrestart\-in\-place\fR
VM instances on the host are terminated and then restarted on the same physical
server after the maintenance event has completed.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the node group to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Autoscaling policy for node groups.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
Options for mode are 'on' or 'off'. When set to 'on', the autoscaler will
increase or decrease the size of the node group in response to capacity needs.
If set to 'off', the autoscaler will not update the size of the node group. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-size\fR=\fIMAX_SIZE\fR
The maximum size of the node group. Default is 100 and must be smaller or equal
to 100 and larger than or equal to min\-size.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-size\fR=\fIMIN_SIZE\fR
The minimum size of the node group. Default is 0 and must be an integer value
smaller than or equal to max\-size.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups create
.RE

