
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_MANAGED\-ZONES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns managed\-zones create \- create a Cloud DNS managed\-zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns managed\-zones create\fR \fIZONE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-dns\-name\fR=\fIDNS_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-denial\-of\-existence\fR=\fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR] [\fB\-\-dnssec\-state\fR=\fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR] [\fB\-\-forwarding\-targets\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-ksk\-algorithm\fR=\fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-ksk\-key\-length\fR=\fIKSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-visibility\fR=\fIVISIBILITY\fR;\ default="public"] [\fB\-\-zsk\-algorithm\fR=\fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-zsk\-key\-length\fR=\fIZSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-target\-network\fR=\fITARGET_NETWORK\fR\ \fB\-\-target\-project\fR=\fITARGET_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command creates a Cloud DNS managed\-zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIZONE_NAME\fR
The name of the managed\-zone to be created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Short description for the managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dns\-name\fR=\fIDNS_NAME\fR
The DNS name suffix that will be managed with the created zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-denial\-of\-existence\fR=\fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR
Requires DNSSEC enabled. \fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR must be one of: \fBnsec\fR,
\fBnsec3\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dnssec\-state\fR=\fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR
The DNSSEC state for this managed zone. \fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoff\fR
Disable DNSSEC for the managed zone.
.TP 2m
\fBon\fR
Enable DNSSEC for the managed zone.
.TP 2m
\fBtransfer\fR
Enable DNSSEC and allow transferring a signed zone in or out.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-forwarding\-targets\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]
List of IPv4 addresses of target name servers that the zone will forward queries
to. Ignored for \f5public\fR visibility. Non\-RFC1918 addresses will forward to
the target through the Internet. RFC1918 addresses will forward through the VPC.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ksk\-algorithm\fR=\fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR
String mnemonic specifying the DNSSEC algorithm of the key\-signing key.
Requires DNSSEC enabled. \fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR must be one of:
\fBecdsap256sha256\fR, \fBecdsap384sha384\fR, \fBrsasha1\fR, \fBrsasha256\fR,
\fBrsasha512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ksk\-key\-length\fR=\fIKSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR
Length of the key\-signing key in bits. Requires DNSSEC enabled.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
List of networks that the zone should be visible in if the zone visibility is
[private].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-visibility\fR=\fIVISIBILITY\fR; default="public"
Visibility of the zone. Public zones are visible to the public internet. Private
zones are only visible in your internal networks denoted by the
\f5\-\-networks\fR flag. \fIVISIBILITY\fR must be one of: \fBpublic\fR,
\fBprivate\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zsk\-algorithm\fR=\fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR
String mnemonic specifying the DNSSEC algorithm of the key\-signing key.
Requires DNSSEC enabled. \fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR must be one of:
\fBecdsap256sha256\fR, \fBecdsap384sha384\fR, \fBrsasha1\fR, \fBrsasha256\fR,
\fBrsasha512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zsk\-key\-length\fR=\fIZSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR
Length of the zone\-signing key in bits. Requires DNSSEC enabled.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-network\fR=\fITARGET_NETWORK\fR
Network ID of the Google Compute Engine private network to forward queries to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-project\fR=\fITARGET_PROJECT\fR
Project ID of the Google Compute Engine private network to forward queries to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones create my_zone \-\-dns\-name my.zone.com. \e
    \-\-description "My zone!"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones create
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones create
.RE

