
.TH "GCLOUD_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_TRUSTS_VALIDATE\-STATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud active\-directory domains trusts validate\-state \- validate the state of a Managed Microsoft AD trust



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud active\-directory domains trusts validate\-state\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR \fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Validate the state of a Managed Microsoft AD trust.

Verify that the trust has been properly created and that the domains/forests can
communicate with each other.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The AD domain specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given AD domain.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The AD trust specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given AD trust.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the the Managed Microsoft AD trust for which you want
to validate state. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a
fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR
Target domain name of the Managed Microsoft AD Active Directory trust you want
to validate.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command validates state for an AD trust with the given target
domain name \f5 my\-target\-domain.com\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud active\-directory domains trusts validate\-state \e
    my\-domain.com \-\-target\-domain\-name=my\-target\-domain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains trusts validate\-state
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains trusts validate\-state
.RE

