
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_LEVELS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels describe \- show details about an access level



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels describe\fR (\fILEVEL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about an access level in a given access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Level resource \- The access level you want to show details about. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must
be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILEVEL\fR
ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager levels describe
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager levels describe
.RE

