
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_HTTP\-HEALTH\-CHECKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute http\-health\-checks \- read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute http\-health\-checks\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate legacy health checks that use the HTTP
protocol.

For more information about legacy health checks, see the HTTP health checks
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/health\-checks#legacy\-health\-checks).

See also: HTTP health checks API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/httpHealthChecks).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a legacy HTTP health check.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete HTTP health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about an HTTP health check.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine health checks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a legacy HTTP health check.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute http\-health\-checks
$ gcloud beta compute http\-health\-checks
.RE

