
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_MEMBERSHIPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container memberships update \- update a membership



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container memberships update\fR (\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-gke\-cluster\-self\-link\fR=\fIGKE_CLUSTER_SELF_LINK\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing membership in Google Kubernetes Hub.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Membership resource \- membership resource representing a cluster in Google
Kubernetes Hub. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [membership] on the command line with a fully specified name; set
the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR
ID of the membership or fully qualified identifier for the membership. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the membership resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gke\-cluster\-self\-link\fR=\fIGKE_CLUSTER_SELF_LINK\fR
GKE cluster self\-link of the cluster represented by this membership; for
example,
\'//container.googleapis.com/projects/my\-project/locations/us\-central1\-a/clusters/my\-cluster.'
This is only valid if the represented cluster is a GKE cluster. The provided
self\-link will be validated to confirm that it maps to the cluster represented
by this membership.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container memberships update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container memberships update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgkehub/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/anthos/multicluster\-management/connect/registering\-a\-cluster



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update a membership for a cluster:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container memberships update a\-membership \e
    \-\-description="Description of a\-membership."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container memberships update
.RE

