
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_COMMITMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute commitments \- manage Compute Engine commitments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute commitments\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Compute Engine commitments.

For more information about commitments, see the commitments documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/signing\-up\-committed\-use\-discounts).

See also: Commitments API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionCommitments).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create Compute Engine commitments.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-license\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create Compute Engine license\-based commitments.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine commitment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Compute Engine commitments.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-reservations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update the resource shape of reservations within the commitment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute commitments
$ gcloud alpha compute commitments
.RE

