
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APIGEE_APIS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta apigee apis \- manage Apigee API proxies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta apigee apis\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Apigee API proxies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deploy an API proxy to an environment.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an Apigee API proxy.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Apigee API proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBundeploy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Undeploy an Apigee API proxy from an environment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all the API proxies in the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis list
.RE

To get details about a specific API proxy in a specific Apigee organization,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis describe PROXY_NAME \-\-organization=ORG_NAME
.RE

To get a JSON object containing revision\-level details about an API proxy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis describe PROXY_NAME \-\-verbose \-\-format=json
.RE

To deploy the most recent revision of an API proxy into the \f5\fIeval\fR\fR
deployment environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis deploy \-\-api=PROXY_NAME \-\-environment=eval
.RE

To deploy the first revision of that API proxy into the \f5\fIrelease\fR\fR
deployment environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis deploy 1 \-\-api=PROXY_NAME \e
  \-\-environment=release
.RE

To undeploy whatever revision of PROXY_NAME is currently deployed in
ENVIRONMENT, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta apigee apis undeploy \-\-api=PROXY_NAME \e
  \-\-environment=ENVIRONMENT
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee apis
$ gcloud alpha apigee apis
.RE

