
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_SUBORDINATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca subordinates \- manage subordinate certificate authorities



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca subordinates\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage subordinate certificate authorities.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBactivate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Activate a subordinate certificate authority in a pending state.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new subordinate certificate authority.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Schedule a subordinate certificate authority for deletion.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get metadata for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Disable a subordinate certificate authority.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Enable a subordinate certificate authority.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-csr\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the CSR for a subordinate certificate authority that has not
yet been activated.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List the subordinate certificate authorities within a location.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

.TP 2m
\fBrestore\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Restore a subordinate Certificate Authority.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a subordinate Certificate Authority.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing subordinate certificate authority.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

