
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_VERSIONS_SET\-DEFAULT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions set\-default \- sets an existing AI Platform version as the default for its model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions set\-default\fR \fIVERSION\fR \fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets an existing AI Platform version as the default for its model.

\fBgcloud alpha ml\-engine versions set\-default\fR sets an existing AI Platform
version as the default for its model. Only one version may be the default for a
given version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the model version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
Name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Google Cloud region of the regional endpoint to use for this command. If
unspecified, the command uses the global endpoint of the AI Platform Training
and Prediction API.

Learn more about regional endpoints and see a list of available regions:
https://cloud.google.com/ai\-platform/prediction/docs/regional\-endpoints

\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west4\fR,
\fBus\-central1\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine versions set\-default
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine versions set\-default
.RE

