
.TH "GCLOUD_SPANNER_DATABASES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud spanner databases \- manage Cloud Spanner databases



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud spanner databases\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Manage Cloud Spanner databases.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBddl\fR
Manage the DDL for Cloud Spanner databases.

.TP 2m
\fBsessions\fR
Manage the sessions for Cloud Spanner databases.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBexecute\-sql\fR
Executes a SQL query against a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List the Cloud Spanner databases contained within the given instance.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
Remove IAM policy binding of a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases
$ gcloud beta spanner databases
.RE

