
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_REVISIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run revisions delete \- delete a revision



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run revisions delete\fR (\fIREVISION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a revision.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Revision resource \- Revision to delete. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREVISION\fR
ID of the revision or fully qualified identifier for the revision. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: The Kubernetes namespace for the
revision


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region in which to create the service.

.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: The Kubernetes
Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [run/cluster] with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Specific to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine: The location of the cluster.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a revision:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run revisions delete <revision\-name>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

