
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies describe \- describe a Policy Tag Taxonomy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies describe\fR (\fITAXONOMY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Policy Tag Taxonomy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Taxonomy resource \- Policy tag taxonomy to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [taxonomy] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAXONOMY\fR
ID of the taxonomy or fully qualified identifier for the taxonomy. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the taxonomy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the Taxonomy 'TAXONOMY' in the location 'LOCATION', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies describe TAXONOMY \e
    \-\-location='LOCATION'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies describe
.RE

