
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REDIS_OPERATIONS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha redis operations cancel \- cancel a Memorystore Redis import or export operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha redis operations cancel\fR (\fIOPERATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a Memorystore Redis import or export operation.

An export operation can be canceled at any time. This does not impact the data
or availability of an instance.

An import operation can also be canceled. Note that the cancellation will result
in the instance recovering with a fully flushed cache.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
operation you want to cancel. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [operation] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the operation. Overrides the default
redis/region property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To cancel an operation named \f5my\-redis\-operation\fR in the default region,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis operations cancel my\-redis\-operation
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis operations cancel
$ gcloud beta redis operations cancel
.RE

