
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEBUG_SOURCE_UPLOAD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta debug source upload \- upload a directory tree



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta debug source upload\fR \fIDIRECTORY\fR [\fB\-\-branch\fR=\fIBRANCH\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-context\-directory\fR=\fISOURCE_CONTEXT_DIRECTORY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command uploads a directory tree to a branch in the repository
\'google\-source\-captures' hosted on Cloud Source Repositories.

The files and branches can be managed with git like any other repository.

When uploading is done, this command can also produce a source context json file
describing it.

See https://cloud.google.com/debugger/docs/source\-context for details on where
to deploy the source context json file in order to enable Stackdriver tools to
display the uploaded files.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDIRECTORY\fR
The directory tree to upload. If there is a file called .gcloudignore in the
directory to upload, the files that it specifies will be ignored. If a
.gitignore file is present in the top\-level directory to upload and there isn't
a .gcloudignore file, gcloud will generate a Git\-compatible .gcloudignore file
that respects your .gitignore\-ed files. The global .gitignore is not respected.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-branch\fR=\fIBRANCH\fR
The branch name. If the branch already exists, the new upload will overwrite its
history.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-context\-directory\fR=\fISOURCE_CONTEXT_DIRECTORY\fR
The directory in which to create the source context file.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

