
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_IMAGES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute images export \- export a Compute Engine image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute images export\fR \fB\-\-destination\-uri\fR=\fIDESTINATION_URI\fR (\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-export\-format\fR=\fIEXPORT_FORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="2h"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute images export\fR exports virtual disk images from Compute
Engine.

By default, images are exported in the Compute Engine format, which is a
\f5disk.raw\fR file that is tarred and gzipped.

The \f5\-\-export\-format\fR flag exports the image to a format supported by
QEMU using qemu\-img. Valid formats include 'vmdk', 'vhdx', 'vpc', 'vdi', and
\'qcow2'.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-uri\fR=\fIDESTINATION_URI\fR
The Cloud Storage URI destination for the exported virtual disk file.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
The name of the disk image to export.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-family\fR=\fIIMAGE_FAMILY\fR
The family of the disk image to be exported. When a family is used instead of an
image, the latest non\-deprecated image associated with that family is used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-format\fR=\fIEXPORT_FORMAT\fR
Specify the format to export to, such as \f5vmdk\fR, \f5vhdx\fR, \f5vpc\fR, or
\f5qcow2\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-project\fR=\fIIMAGE_PROJECT\fR
The Google Cloud project against which all image and image family references
will be resolved. It is best practice to define image\-project. A full list of
available projects can be generated by running \f5gcloud projects list\fR.
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
If specifying one of our public images, image\-project must be provided.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If there are several of the same image\-family value in multiple projects,
image\-project must be specified to clarify the image to be used.
.IP "\(em" 2m
If not specified and either image or image\-family is provided, the current
default project is used.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-log\-location\fR=\fILOG_LOCATION\fR
Directory in Cloud Storage to hold build logs. If not set, \f5gs://<project
num>.cloudbuild\-logs.googleusercontent.com/\fR is created and used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The name of the network in your project to use for the image export. The network
must have access to Cloud Storage. If not specified, the network named
\f5default\fR is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Name of the subnetwork in your project to use for the image export. If the
network resource is in legacy mode, do not provide this property. If the network
is in auto subnet mode, providing the subnetwork is optional. If the network is
in custom subnet mode, then this field should be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="2h"
Maximum time a build can last before it fails as "TIMEOUT". For example,
specifying \f52h\fR fails the process after 2 hours. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information about duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the image to export. The zone to use when exporting the image. Overrides
the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To export a VMDK file \f5\fImy\-image\fR\fR from a project
\f5\fImy\-project\fR\fR to a Cloud Storage bucket \f5\fImy\-bucket\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute images export \-\-image=my\-image \e
    \-\-destination\-uri=gs://my\-bucket/my\-image.vmdk \e
    \-\-export\-format=vmdk \-\-project=my\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute images export
$ gcloud beta compute images export
.RE

