
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_TABLES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq tables update \- update a new BigQuery table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq tables update\fR (\fITABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-expiration\fR=\fIEXPIRATION\fR] [\fB\-\-relax\-columns\fR=[\fIFIELD_NAME\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-columns\fR=\fIFIELD_NAME\fR=\fIFIELD_TYPE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-add\-columns\-file\fR=\fIADD_COLUMNS_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new BigQuery table. Updates one or more attributes of a
table or view.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The BigQuery table you want to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [table] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the table.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\fR=\fIEXPIRATION\fR
How long after creation should this table or view expire e.g. 1d, 2w etc.

See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration formats

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-relax\-columns\fR=[\fIFIELD_NAME\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of field names in the current schema that should have
their mode changed from REQUIRED to NULLABLE.

For more details on updating and managing BigQuery schemas see:
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/managing\-table\-schemas

.TP 2m

Specify changes to the table schema. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-columns\fR=\fIFIELD_NAME\fR=\fIFIELD_TYPE\fR
A comma\-separated list of entries of the form FIELD_NAME[=FIELD_TYPE]
specifying field names and types for the columns being added to the table.
FIELD_TYPE defaults to string if not present. Possible FIELD_TYPES are
\f5string\fR, \f5integer\fR, \f5float\fR, \f5boolean\fR, \f5record\fR, and
\f5timestamp\fR.

For more details on BigQuery schemas see:
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/schemas.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-columns\-file\fR=\fIADD_COLUMNS_FILE\fR
The name of a JSON file containing a single object containing an array each
element of which is an object with properties name, type, and, optionally a mode
(one of: \f5NULLABLE\fR or \f5REPEATED\fR), specifying the columns to be added
to the table. If mode is omitted the default is 'NULLABLE'.

For example: { 'schema': [ { 'name': 'field1', 'type': 'string', 'mode':
\'REQUIRED' }, { 'name': 'field2', 'type': 'integer', 'mode': 'REPEATED' }, [ {
\'name': 'fieldN', 'type': TYPE, ['mode': MODE] } ... ] ] }

For more details on BigQuery schemas see:
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/schemas.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates the description on a table with ID \f5my\-table\fR
in \f5my\-dataset\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables update  \e
    /projects/myproject/datasets/my\-dataset/tables/my\-table \e
    \-\-description 'My New Table'
.RE

The following command changes the schema mode from \f5REQUIRED\fR to
\f5NULLABLE\fR on the \f5value\fR and \f5tags\fR columns in a table with ID
\f5my\-other\-table\fR in dataset \f5my\-other\-dataset\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables update  my\-other\-table \e
    \-\-dataset my\-other\-dataset \e
  \-\-relax\-columns name,tags
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

