
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run services \- view and manage your Cloud Run services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run services\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This set of commands can be used to view and manage your existing
Cloud Run services.

To create new deployments, use \f5gcloud alpha run deploy\fR.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Run service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Obtain details about a given service.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Run service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List available services.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Cloud Run service.

.TP 2m
\fBreplace\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates or replaces a service from a YAML Service specification.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Cloud Run environment variables and other configuration
settings.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-traffic\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Adjust the trafic assignments for a Cloud Run service.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your deployed services, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run services list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run services
.RE

