
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot registries credentials create \- add a new credential to a registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot registries credentials create\fR \fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR A registry may have at most 10 credentials.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to a file containing an X.509v3 certificate (RFC5280
(https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5280.txt)), encoded in base64, and wrapped by
\f5\-\-\-\-\-BEGIN CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR and \f5\-\-\-\-\-END
CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR.

.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry for which to create credentials. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The ID of the registry or a fully qualified identifier for the registry. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials create
$ gcloud alpha iot registries credentials create
.RE

