
.TH "GCLOUD_PUBSUB_LITE\-TOPICS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud pubsub lite\-topics update \- update a Pub/Sub Lite topic



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud pubsub lite\-topics update\fR (\fITOPIC\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) (\fB\-\-message\-retention\-period\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_PERIOD\fR\ \fB\-\-per\-partition\-bytes\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_BYTES\fR\ \fB\-\-per\-partition\-publish\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_PUBLISH_MIB\fR\ \fB\-\-per\-partition\-subscribe\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_SUBSCRIBE_MIB\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a Pub/Sub Lite topic.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Topic resource \- Topic to update. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [topic] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITOPIC\fR
ID of the topic or fully qualified identifier for the topic. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
ID of the location of the Pub/Sub Lite resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At least one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-retention\-period\fR=\fIMESSAGE_RETENTION_PERIOD\fR
How long a published message is retained. If unset, messages will only be
dropped to make space for new ones once the \f5per\-partition\-bytes\fR limit is
reached. A valid example value of this flag would be
\f5message\-retention\-period="2w"\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-per\-partition\-bytes\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_BYTES\fR
Provisioned storage, in bytes, per partition. If the number of bytes stored in
any of the topic's partitions exceeds this value, older messages will be dropped
to make room for newer ones, regardless of the value of
\f5message\-retention\-period\fR. A valid example value of this flag would be
\f5per\-partition\-bytes=30GiB\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-per\-partition\-publish\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_PUBLISH_MIB\fR
Topic partition publish throughput capacity in MiB/s. Must be between 4 and 16.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-per\-partition\-subscribe\-mib\fR=\fIPER_PARTITION_SUBSCRIBE_MIB\fR
Topic partition subscribe throughput capacity in MiB/s. Must be between 4 and
32.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsublite/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/lite/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a Pub/Sub Lite topic, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub lite\-topics update mytopic \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \e
    \-\-per\-partition\-publish\-mib=10
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub lite\-topics update
$ gcloud beta pubsub lite\-topics update
.RE

