
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONFIG_CONFIGURATIONS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha config configurations delete \- deletes a named configuration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha config configurations delete\fR \fICONFIGURATION_NAMES\fR [\fICONFIGURATION_NAMES\fR\ ...] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a named configuration. You cannot delete a configuration
that is active, even when overridden with the \-\-configuration flag. To delete
the current active configuration, first \f5gcloud config configurations
activate\fR another one.

See \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR for an overview of named configurations.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONFIGURATION_NAMES\fR [\fICONFIGURATION_NAMES\fR ...]
Name of the configuration to delete. Cannot be currently active configuration.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a named configuration, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha config configurations delete my_config
.RE

To delete more than one configuration, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha config configurations delete my_config1 my_config2
.RE

To list existing configurations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config configurations list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config configurations delete
$ gcloud beta config configurations delete
.RE

