
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_EXTERNAL\-VPN\-GATEWAYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways \- list, create, delete and update External VPN Gateways



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute external\-vpn\-gateways\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate external VPN gateways for Cloud VPN.

For more information about external VPN gateways, see the external VPN Gateways
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/vpn/docs/concepts/key\-terms#external\-vpn\-gateway\-definition).

See also: External VPN Gateways API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/externalVpnGateways).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Google Compute Engine external VPN gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Google Compute Engine external VPN gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine external VPN gateway.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine external VPN gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine external VPN gateway.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute external\-vpn\-gateways
$ gcloud beta compute external\-vpn\-gateways
.RE

