
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_BACKUPS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner backups delete \- delete an existing backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner backups delete\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an existing backup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- Cloud Spanner backup to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the command line with a
fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Spanner instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a backup, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner backups delete BACKUP_NAME \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner backups delete
$ gcloud beta spanner backups delete
.RE

