
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_LANGUAGE_CLASSIFY\-TEXT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml language classify\-text \- classifies input document into categories



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml language classify\-text\fR (\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR;\ default="plain\-text"] [\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Classifies input document into categories. Returns a list of
categories representing the document. Only the most relevant categories a
document are returned e.g. if \f5/Science\fR and \f5/Science/Astronomy\fR both
apply to a document, then only the \f5/Science/Astronomy\fR category is
returned, as it is the more specific result.

Currently only English is supported for this feature.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\fR=\fICONTENT\fR
Specify input text on the command line. Useful for experiments, or for extremely
short text.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-file\fR=\fICONTENT_FILE\fR
Specify a local file or Google Cloud Storage (format \f5gs://bucket/object\fR)
file path containing the text to be analyzed. More useful for longer text or
data output from another system.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR; default="plain\-text"
Specify the format of the input text. \fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBhtml\fR, \fBplain\-text\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-language\fR=\fILANGUAGE\fR
Specify the language of the input text. If omitted, the server will attempt to
auto\-detect. Both ISO (such as \f5en\fR or \f5es\fR) and BCP\-47 (such as
\f5en\-US\fR or \f5ja\-JP\fR) language codes are accepted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBlanguage/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/natural\-language/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml language classify\-text
$ gcloud alpha ml language classify\-text
.RE

