
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_INSTANCES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql instances import \- imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql instances import\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from
Google Cloud Storage.

This command is deprecated and will be removed in version 205.0.0. Please use
gcloud sql import sql as an alternative.

Note: authorization is required. For more information on importing data into
Google Cloud SQL see https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/import\-export/importing.

Cloud SQL supports importing CSV files and SQL dump files from both MySQL and
PostgreSQL. For more information on how to create these export formats, see
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/import\-export/creating\-sqldump\-csv



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
Path to the MySQL dump file in Google Cloud Storage from which the import is
made. The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/fileName. Compressed gzip files
(.gz) are also supported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Do not wait for the operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR, \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR
The database (for example, guestbook) to which the import is made. If not set,
it is assumed that the database is specified in the file to be imported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql instances import
.RE

