
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAP_SETTINGS_SET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iap settings set \- set the setting for an IAP resource



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iap settings set\fR \fISETTING_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR\ \fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR\ \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set the setting for an IAP resource.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISETTING_FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file containing the IAP resource settings.

.RS 2m
JSON example:
  {
    "access_settings" : {
      "oauth_settings" : {
         "login_hint" : {
            "value": "test_hint"
         }
      },
      "gcip_settings" : {
         "tenant_ids": ["tenant1\-p9puj", "tenant2\-y8rxc"],
         "login_page_uri" : {
            "value" : "https://test.com/?apiKey=abcd_efgh"
         }
      },
      "cors_settings": {
         "allow_http_options" : {
            "value": true
         }
      }
   },
   "application_settings" : {
      "csm_settings" : {
        "rctoken_aud" : {
           "value" : "test_aud"
        }
      }
   }
 }
.RE

.RS 2m
YAML example:
accessSettings :
   oauthSettings:
     loginHint: test_hint
   gcipSettings:
     tenantIds:
     \- tenant1\-p9puj
     \- tenant2\-y8rxc
     loginPageUri: https://test.com/?apiKey=abcd_efgh
   corsSettings:
     allowHttpOptions: true
applicationSettings:
   csmSettings:
     rctokenAud: test_aud
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
Folder ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT\fR
Project ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-type\fR=\fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR
Resource type of the IAP resource. \fIRESOURCE_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBapp\-engine\fR, \fBiap_web\fR, \fBcompute\fR, \fBorganization\fR,
\fBfolder\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\fR=\fISERVICE\fR
Service name. Required when resource type is ``app\-engine, optional when
resource type is ``compute.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
Version name. Optional when resource type is ``app\-engine.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the IAP setting for the resources within an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \e
    \-\-organization=ORGANIZATION_ID
.RE

To set the IAP setting for the resources within a folder, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-folder=FOLDER_ID
.RE

To set the IAP setting for the resources within a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-project=PROJECT_ID
.RE

To set the IAP setting for web type resources within a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-project=PROJECT_ID \e
    \-\-resource\-type=iap_web
.RE

To set the IAP setting for all app engine services within a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-project=PROJECT_ID \e
    \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine
.RE

To set the IAP setting for an app engine service within a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-project=PROJECT_ID \e
    \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
.RE

To set the IAP setting for an app engine service version within a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-project=PROJECT_ID \e
    \-\-resource\-type=app\-engine \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
    \-\-version=VERSION_ID
.RE

To set the IAP setting for all backend services within a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-project=PROJECT_ID \e
    \-\-resource\-type=compute
.RE

To set the IAP setting for a backend service within a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iap settings set SETTING_FILE \-\-project=PROJECT_ID \e
    \-\-resource\-type=compute \-\-service=SERVICE_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iap settings set
.RE

