
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES_FIELDS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields create \- create a Cloud Data Catalog tag template field



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields create\fR (\fIFIELD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR) \fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog tag template field.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag template field resource \- Tag template field to create. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [field] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFIELD\fR
ID of the tag template field or fully qualified identifier for the tag template
field. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-template\fR=\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
Tag template of the tag template field.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR
Type of the tag template field. Choices are double, string, bool, timestamp, and
enum.

.RS 2m
To specify a string field:
  `type=string`
.RE

.RS 2m
To specify an enum field with values 'A' and 'B':
  `type="enum(A|B)"`
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Display name of the tag template field.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Create a string tag template field:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields create create \e
    FIELD \-\-display\-name=DISPLAY \-\-type=string
.RE

Create an enum tag template field with values 'A' and 'B':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates fields create FIELD \e
    \-\-display\-name=DISPLAY \-\-type="enum(A|B)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates fields create
.RE

