
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DRY\-RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run \- enable management of dry\-run mode configuration for Service Perimeters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A Service Perimeter describes a set of Google Cloud Platform.RS 2m
resources which can freely import and export data amongst themselves,
but not externally, by default.

.RE

.RS 2m
A dry\-run mode configuration (also known as the Service Perimeter
`spec`) makes it possible to understand the impact of any changes to a
VPC Service Controls policy change before committing the change to the
enforcement mode configuration.
.RE

.RS 2m
Note: For Service Perimeters without an explicit dry\-run mode
configuration, the enforcement mode configuration is used as the dry\-run
mode configuration, resulting in no audit logs being generated.
.RE



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a dry\-run mode configuration for a new or existing Service
Perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Mark the Service Perimeter as deleted in the dry\-run mode.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdrop\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Reset the dry\-run mode configuration of a Service Perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBenforce\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enforces a Service Perimeter's dry\-run configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBenforce\-all\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enforces the dry\-run mode configuration for all Service
Perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the effective dry\-run configuration across all Service
Perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run
.RE

