
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_DISABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys versions disable \- disable a given version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys versions disable\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Disables the specified version within the given key.

Only a version which is Enabled can be Disabled.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to disable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command disables version 3 of key \f5frodo\fR within keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions disable 3 \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-key=frodo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions disable
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions disable
.RE

