
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IAP_WEB" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iap web \- manage IAP web policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iap web\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud IAP) controls access to your
cloud applications running on Google Cloud Platform. Cloud IAP works by
verifying user identity and context of the request to determine if a user should
be allowed to access the application.

More information on Cloud IAP can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/iap
and detailed documentation can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to an IAP IAM resource.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Disable Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud IAP) on an IAP resource.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Enable Cloud Identity\-Aware Proxy (Cloud IAP) on an IAP resource.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for an IAP IAM resource.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from an IAP IAM resource.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for an IAP IAM resource.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iap web
.RE

