
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI_MODELS_UPLOAD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai models upload \- upload a new model



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai models upload\fR \fB\-\-container\-image\-uri\fR=\fICONTAINER_IMAGE_URI\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-artifact\-uri\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URI\fR] [\fB\-\-container\-args\fR=[\fIARG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-container\-command\fR=[\fICOMMAND\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-container\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-container\-health\-route\fR=\fICONTAINER_HEALTH_ROUTE\fR] [\fB\-\-container\-ports\fR=[\fIPORT\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-container\-predict\-route\fR=\fICONTAINER_PREDICT_ROUTE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new AI Platform model.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-image\-uri\fR=\fICONTAINER_IMAGE_URI\fR
URI of the Model serving container file in the Container Registry (e.g.
gcr.io/myproject/server:latest).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Display name of the model.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-artifact\-uri\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URI\fR
Path to the directory containing the Model artifact and any of its supporting
files.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-args\fR=[\fIARG\fR,...]
Comma\-separated arguments passed to the command run by the container image. If
not specified and no \f5\-\-command\fR is provided, the container image's
default command is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-command\fR=[\fICOMMAND\fR,...]
Entrypoint for the container image. If not specified, the container image's
default entrypoint is run.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as environment variables.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-health\-route\fR=\fICONTAINER_HEALTH_ROUTE\fR
HTTP path to send health checks to inside the container.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-ports\fR=[\fIPORT\fR,...]
Container ports to receive requests at. Must be a number between 1 and 65535,
inclusive.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-container\-predict\-route\fR=\fICONTAINER_PREDICT_ROUTE\fR
HTTP path to send prediction requests to inside the container.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the model.

.TP 2m

Region resource \- Cloud region to upload model. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-region] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[ai/region] with a fully specified name; region with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
ID of the region or fully qualified identifier for the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai models upload
.RE

