
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_ROLES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam roles \- create and manipulate roles



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam roles\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manipulate roles.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcopy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a role from an existing role.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a custom role for a project or an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a custom role from an organization or a project.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for a role.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the roles defined at a parent organization or a project.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undelete a custom role from an organization or a project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an IAM custom role.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles
$ gcloud beta iam roles
.RE

