
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GAME_SERVERS_SCALING\-POLICIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies update \- update a Scaling Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies update\fR (\fISCALING_POLICY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-match\-clusters\fR] [\fB\-\-match\-clusters\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-max\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_REPLICAS\fR] [\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR] [\fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-buffer\-size\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-buffer\-size\-percent\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE_PERCENT\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Game Server Scaling Policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Scaling policy resource \- Cloud Game Server Scaling Policy to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[scaling_policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISCALING_POLICY\fR
ID of the scaling policy or fully qualified identifier for the scaling policy.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-match\-clusters\fR
Remove all labels that select clusters. If \f5\-\-match\-clusters\fR is also
specified then \f5\-\-clear\-match\-cluster\fR is applied first.

Example: $ gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies update example\-policy \e
\-\-clear\-match\-clusters

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-match\-clusters\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Labels to select clusters to which this Scaling Policy applies. This flag can be
repeated. Specifying \-\-match\-clusters during update will fully replace
existing cluster selection.

Example: $ gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies update example\-policy \e
\-\-match\-clusters=label_a=value1,label_b=value2 \e
\-\-match\-clusters=label_c=value3,label_d=value4

With the above command, this policy is applicable to clusters that have either
label_a=value1 and label_b=value2, or label_c=value3,label_d=value4.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-replicas\fR=\fIMAX_REPLICAS\fR
Maximum fleet size.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-replicas\fR=\fIMIN_REPLICAS\fR
Minimum fleet size.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-priority\fR=\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of the Scaling Policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR
Event schedules. Schedules allow scaling policies to be adjusted for planned
events. For example, you can add policies to allocate from specific clusters
during an event. This flag can be repeated.

The following keys are allowed:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcron\-spec\fR
Cron definition of the scheduled event. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron.
The cron spec specification is in the local time as defined by the realm.
Requires cron\-job\-duration to be specified.

.TP 2m
\fBcron\-job\-duration\fR
Duration for the cron job event. The duration of the event is effective after
the cron job's start time. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats. Required if cron\-spec is specified.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\-time\fR
Start time of the event. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
duration formats. Either start\-time or cron\-spec should be specified.

.TP 2m
\fBend\-time\fR
End time of the event. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

Example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies update example\-policy \e
    \-\-schedule=start\-time=2019\-01\-01T00:00:01Z,\e
end\-time=2030\-01\-01T00:00:01Z,cron\-job\-duration=3600s,cron\-spec="10\e
 0 1\-7 5 *" \-\-schedule=start\-time=2050\-01\-01T00:00:01Z
.RE

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

Size of the buffer of ready game server instances in either absolute number or
percentage. As game server instances get allocated or terminated, the fleet will
be scaled up and down so that this buffer is maintained. At most one of these
may be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-buffer\-size\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE\fR
Size of a buffer of ready game server instances in absolute number.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-buffer\-size\-percent\fR=\fIBUFFER_SIZE_PERCENT\fR
Size of a buffer of ready game server instances in percentage.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha game servers scaling\-policies update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1alpha\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

