
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_MANAGED\-ZONES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns managed\-zones update \- update an existing Cloud DNS managed\-zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns managed\-zones update\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-denial\-of\-existence\fR=\fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-dnssec\-state\fR=\fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR] [\fB\-\-forwarding\-targets\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-ksk\-algorithm\fR=\fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-ksk\-key\-length\fR=\fIKSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-managed\-reverse\-lookup\fR] [\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-private\-forwarding\-targets\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zsk\-algorithm\fR=\fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-zsk\-key\-length\fR=\fIZSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-network\fR=\fITARGET_NETWORK\fR\ \fB\-\-target\-project\fR=\fITARGET_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing Cloud DNS managed\-zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Zone resource \- The name of the managed\-zone to be updated. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[zone] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIZONE\fR
ID of the zone or fully qualified identifier for the zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-denial\-of\-existence\fR=\fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR
Requires DNSSEC enabled. \fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR must be one of: \fBnsec\fR,
\fBnsec3\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Short description for the managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dnssec\-state\fR=\fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR
The DNSSEC state for this managed zone. \fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoff\fR
Disable DNSSEC for the managed zone.
.TP 2m
\fBon\fR
Enable DNSSEC for the managed zone.
.TP 2m
\fBtransfer\fR
Enable DNSSEC and allow transferring a signed zone in or out.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-forwarding\-targets\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]
List of IPv4 addresses of target name servers that the zone will forward queries
to. Ignored for \f5public\fR visibility. Non\-RFC1918 addresses will forward to
the target through the Internet. RFC1918 addresses will forward through the VPC.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ksk\-algorithm\fR=\fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR
String mnemonic specifying the DNSSEC algorithm of the key\-signing key.
Requires DNSSEC enabled. \fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR must be one of:
\fBecdsap256sha256\fR, \fBecdsap384sha384\fR, \fBrsasha1\fR, \fBrsasha256\fR,
\fBrsasha512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ksk\-key\-length\fR=\fIKSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR
Length of the key\-signing key in bits. Requires DNSSEC enabled.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-managed\-reverse\-lookup\fR
Whether this zone is a managed reverse lookup zone, required for Cloud DNS to
correctly resolve Non\-RFC1918 PTR records.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
List of networks that the zone should be visible in if the zone visibility is
[private].

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-forwarding\-targets\fR=[\fIIP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]
List of IPv4 addresses of target name servers that the zone will forward queries
to. Ignored for \f5public\fR visibility. All addresses specified for this
parameter will be reached through the VPC.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zsk\-algorithm\fR=\fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR
String mnemonic specifying the DNSSEC algorithm of the key\-signing key.
Requires DNSSEC enabled. \fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR must be one of:
\fBecdsap256sha256\fR, \fBecdsap384sha384\fR, \fBrsasha1\fR, \fBrsasha256\fR,
\fBrsasha512\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zsk\-key\-length\fR=\fIZSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR
Length of the zone\-signing key in bits. Requires DNSSEC enabled.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-network\fR=\fITARGET_NETWORK\fR
Network ID of the Google Compute Engine private network to forward queries to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-project\fR=\fITARGET_PROJECT\fR
Project ID of the Google Compute Engine private network to forward queries to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To change the description of a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones update my_zone \e
    \-\-description="Hello, world!"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones update
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones update
.RE

