
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute interconnects update \- update a Google Compute Engine interconnect



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute interconnects update\fR is used to update
interconnects. An interconnect represents a single specific connection between
Google and the customer.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the interconnect to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-admin\-enabled\fR
Administrative status of the interconnect. When this is enabled, the
interconnect is operational and will carry traffic across any functioning linked
interconnect attachments. Use \-\-no\-admin\-enabled to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-noc\-contact\-email\fR=\fINOC_CONTACT_EMAIL\fR
Email address to contact the customer NOC for operations and maintenance
notifications regarding this interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-requested\-link\-count\fR=\fIREQUESTED_LINK_COUNT\fR
Target number of physical links in the link bundle.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects update
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects update
.RE

