
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute forwarding\-rules update \- update a Compute Engine forwarding rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute forwarding\-rules update\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-allow\-global\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute forwarding\-rules update\fR updates global access for a
Compute Engine forwarding rule.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the forwarding rule to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\-global\-access\fR
If True, then clients from all regions can access this internal forwarding rule.
This can only be specified for forwarding rules with the LOAD_BALANCING_SCHEME
set to INTERNAL and the target must be either a backend service or a target
instance.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the forwarding rule to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the forwarding rule to allow global access, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute forwarding\-rules update example\-fr \e
    \-\-allow\-global\-access \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules update
$ gcloud beta compute forwarding\-rules update
.RE

