
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters \- manage Access Context Manager service perimeters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A service perimeter describes a set of Google Cloud Platform
resources which can freely import and export data amongst themselves, but not
externally.

Currently, the only allowed members of a service perimeter are projects.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdry\-run\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable management of dry\-run mode configuration for Service
Perimeters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List service perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBreplace\-all\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Replace all existing service perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing access zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager perimeters
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters
.RE

