
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_OPERATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns operations list \- list Cloud DNS operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns operations list\fR \fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONES\fR,...] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command displays Cloud DNS operations for one or more Cloud DNS
managed\-zones (see \f5$ gcloud dns managed\-zones \-\-help\fR).



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

ZONES \- Name of one or more zones to read. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or
provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zones\fR=[\fIZONES\fR,...]
The ID of the zone or a fully qualified identifier for the zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see the list of all operations for two managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns operations list \-\-zones zone1,zone2
.RE

To see the last 5 operations for two managed\-zones, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns operations list \-\-zones zone1,zone2 \e
    \-\-sort\-by ~start_time \-\-limit 5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns operations list
.RE

