
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SECURITY\-POLICIES_RULES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules update \- update a Google Compute Engine security policy rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules update\fR \fIPRIORITY\fR [\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-preview\fR] [\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-expression\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules update\fR is used
to update security policy rules.

For example to update the description and IP ranges of a rule at priority 1000,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute security\-policies rules update 1000 \e
    \-\-security\-policy my\-policy \e
    \-\-description "block 1.2.3.4/32" \e
    \-\-src\-ip\-ranges 1.2.3.4/32
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIORITY\fR
The priority of the rule to update. Rules are evaluated in order from highest
priority to lowest priority where 0 is the highest priority and 2147483647 is
the lowest priority.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR
The action to take if the request matches the match condition. \fIACTION\fR must
be one of: \fBallow\fR, \fBdeny\-403\fR, \fBdeny\-404\fR, \fBdeny\-502\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\fR
If specified, the action will not be enforced.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
The security policy that this rule belongs to.

.TP 2m

Security policy rule matcher. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expression\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
The Cloud Armor rules language expression to match for this rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]
The source IPs/IP ranges to match for this rule. To match all IPs specify *.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute security\-policies rules update
$ gcloud beta compute security\-policies rules update
.RE

