
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_ENABLE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts enable \- enable an IAM service account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts enable\fR \fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable an IAM service account.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

ServiceAccount resource \- The IAM service account to enable. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[service_account] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
ID of the serviceAccount or fully qualified identifier for the serviceAccount.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiam/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iam/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable a service account from your project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts enable \e
    my\-iam\-account@somedomain.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts enable
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts enable
.RE

