
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine interconnect attachments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine interconnect
attachments.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdedicated\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create or manipulate dedicated interconnect attachments.

.TP 2m
\fBpartner\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create or manipulate partner interconnect attachments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete interconnects.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine interconnect attachment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine interconnect attachments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments
$ gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments
.RE

