
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_OPERATIONS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for an operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIOPERATION\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for an operation, given an operation ID and the
policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
The ID of the operation to set the policy on.

.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for an operation with identifier 'example\-operation'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc operations set\-iam\-policy example\-operation \e
    policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

