
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute resource\-policies list \- list Google Compute Engine resource policies



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute resource\-policies list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute resource\-policies list\fR displays all
Google Compute Engine resource policies in a project.

By default, resource policies from all regions are listed. The results can be
narrowed down using a filter: \f5\-\-filter="region:( REGION ... )"\fR.



.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all resource policies in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies list
.RE

To list the URIs of all resource policies in a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies list \-\-uri
.RE

To list all resource policies in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR and
\f5\fIeurope\-west1\fR\fR regions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies list \e
    \-\-filter="region:( us\-central1 europe\-west1 )"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute resource\-policies list
$ gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies list
.RE

