
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CODE_DEV" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha code dev \- run a Cloud Run service in a local development environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha code dev\fR [\fB\-\-build\-context\-directory\fR=\fIBUILD_CONTEXT_DIRECTORY\fR] [\fB\-\-builder\fR=\fIBUILDER\fR] [\fB\-\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL_INSTANCE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-cpu\-limit\fR=\fICPU_LIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR;\ default="Dockerfile"] [\fB\-\-image\-name\fR=\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-local\-port\fR=\fILOCAL_PORT\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\-limit\fR=\fIMEMORY_LIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-minikube\-vm\-driver\fR=\fIMINIKUBE_VM_DRIVER\fR;\ default="docker"] [\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-name\fR=\fISERVICE_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-stop\-cluster\fR] [\fB\-\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-env\-vars\-file\fR=\fIFILE_PATH\fR] [\fB\-\-kind\-cluster\fR=\fIKIND_CLUSTER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-kube\-context\fR=\fIKUBE_CONTEXT\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-minikube\-profile\fR=\fIMINIKUBE_PROFILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR By default, this command runs the user's containers on minikube on
the local machine. To run on another kubernetes cluster, use the
\-\-kube\-context flag.

When using minikube, if the minikube cluster is not running, this command will
start a new minikube cluster with that name.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-build\-context\-directory\fR=\fIBUILD_CONTEXT_DIRECTORY\fR
If set, use this as the context directory when building the container image.
Otherwise, the directory of the Dockerfile will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-builder\fR=\fIBUILDER\fR
Build with a given Cloud Native Computing Foundation Buildpack builder.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL_INSTANCE\fR,...]
Cloud SQL instance connection strings. Must be in the form
<project>:<region>:<instance>.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpu\-limit\fR=\fICPU_LIMIT\fR
Container CPU limit. Limit is expressed as a number of CPUs. Fractional CPU
limits are allowed (e.g. 1.5).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR; default="Dockerfile"
Dockerfile for the service image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-name\fR=\fIIMAGE_NAME\fR
Name for the built docker image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-port\fR=\fILOCAL_PORT\fR
Local port to which the service connection is forwarded. If this flag is not
set, then a random port is chosen.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\-limit\fR=\fIMEMORY_LIMIT\fR
Container memory limit. Limit is expressed either as an integer representing the
number of bytes or an integer followed by a unit suffix. Valid unit suffixes are
"B", "KB", "MB", "GB", "TB", "KiB", "MiB", "GiB", "TiB", or "PiB".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-minikube\-vm\-driver\fR=\fIMINIKUBE_VM_DRIVER\fR; default="docker"
If running on minikube, use this vm driver.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Kubernetes namespace for development kubernetes objects.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
When connecting to Google Cloud Platform services, use a service account key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-name\fR=\fISERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stop\-cluster\fR
If running on minikube or kind, stop the minkube profile or kind cluster at the
end of the session.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as environment variables.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-env\-vars\-file\fR=\fIFILE_PATH\fR
Path to a local YAML file with definitions for all environment variables.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kind\-cluster\fR=\fIKIND_CLUSTER\fR
Kind cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kube\-context\fR=\fIKUBE_CONTEXT\fR
Kubernetes context.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-minikube\-profile\fR=\fIMINIKUBE_PROFILE\fR
Minikube profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

