
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FUNCTIONS_EVENT\-TYPES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha functions event\-types list \- list types of events that can be a trigger for a Google Cloud Function



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha functions event\-types list\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \f5gcloud alpha functions event\-types list\fR displays types of
events that can be a trigger for a Google Cloud Function.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
For an event type, \f5EVENT_TYPE_DEFAULT\fR marks whether the given event type
is the default for its provider (in which case the \f5\-\-event\-type\fR flag
may be omitted).
.IP "\(bu" 2m
For a resource, \f5RESOURCE_OPTIONAL\fR marks whether the resource has a
corresponding default value (in which case the \f5\-\-trigger\-resource\fR flag
may be omitted).
.RE
.sp



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta functions event\-types list
.RE

