
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_INIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta init \- initialize or reinitialize gcloud



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta init\fR [\fB\-\-console\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-skip\-diagnostics\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR gcloud beta init launches an interactive Getting Started workflow
for the gcloud command\-line tool. It performs the following setup steps:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Authorizes gcloud and other SDK tools to access Google Cloud Platform using your
user account credentials, or from an account of your choosing whose credentials
are already available.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Sets up a new or existing configuration.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
Sets properties in that configuration, including the current project and
optionally, the default Google Compute Engine region and zone you'd like to use.
.RE
.sp

gcloud beta init can be used for initial setup of gcloud and to create new or
reinitialize gcloud configurations. More information about configurations can be
found by running \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR.

Properties set by gcloud beta init are local and persistent, and are not
affected by remote changes to the project. For example, the default Compute
Engine zone in your configuration remains stable, even if you or another user
changes the project\-level default zone in the Cloud Platform Console.

To sync the configuration, re\-run \f5gcloud beta init\fR.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-console\-only\fR
Prevent the command from launching a browser for authorization.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-skip\-diagnostics\fR
Do not run diagnostics.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To launch an interactive Getting Started workflow, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta init
.RE

To launch an interactive Getting Started workflow without diagnostics, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta init \-\-skip\-diagnostics
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud init
$ gcloud alpha init
.RE

