
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-FUSION_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-fusion instances create \- create and initialize a Cloud Data Fusion instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-fusion instances create\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-edition\fR=\fIEDITION\fR;\ default="basic"] [\fB\-\-enable_stackdriver_logging\fR] [\fB\-\-enable_stackdriver_monitoring\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-options\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR If run asynchronously with \f5\-\-async\fR, exits after printing an
operation that can be used to poll the status of the creation operation via:

.RS 2m
gcloud beta data\-fusion instances create operations list
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Instance to create. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Compute Engine zone in which the instance will be created. For example:
\f5\-\-zone=us\-central1\-a\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-edition\fR=\fIEDITION\fR; default="basic"
Edition of the Data Fusion instance to create. For example:
\f5\-\-edition=enterprise\fR. \fIEDITION\fR must be one of: \fBbasic\fR,
\fBenterprise\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable_stackdriver_logging\fR
Enable Stackdriver logging for this Data Fusion instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable_stackdriver_monitoring\fR
Enable Stackdriver monitoring for this Data Fusion instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-options\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Options to use for instance creation, specified as KEY1=VALUE1,KEY2=VALUE2.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create instance 'my\-instance' in project 'my\-project', location in
\'my\-location', and zone in 'my\-zone' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-fusion instances create \-\-project=my\-project \e
    \-\-location=my\-location my\-instance \-\-zone=my\-zone
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

