
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_AUTHORIZATION\-CODE_RESET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations authorization\-code reset \- resets authorization code of a specific Cloud Domains registration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations authorization\-code reset\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Resets authorization code of a specific registration.

You can call this API only after 60 days have elapsed since initial
registration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain registration to reset authorization code
for. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [registration] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. To set the [location] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; location is
always global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To reset authorization code of \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations authorization\-code reset \e
    example.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

