
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions describe \- describes a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions describe\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to describe. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
The ID of the subscription or a fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions describe
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions describe
.RE

