
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq jobs describe \- describe a BigQuery job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq jobs describe\fR \fIJOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a BigQuery job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The BigQuery job to display details for. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [job]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command displays details for job named \f5my\-query\-job\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq jobs describe  my\-query\-job
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

