
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_VERSIONS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions update \- update a Cloud ML Engine version



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions update\fR (\fIVERSION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-package\-uris\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\-URIS\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-package\-uris\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-package\-uris\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\-URIS\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-package\-uris\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\-URIS\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-model\-class\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-model\-class\fR=\fIMODEL_CLASS\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud ML Engine version.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Version resource \- The Cloud ML Engine model to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [version] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
ID of the version or fully qualified identifier for the version. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\fR=\fIMODEL\fR
The model for the version.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the version.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

Configure user code in prediction. Cloud ML Engine allows a model to have
user\-provided prediction code; these options configure that code.



.RS 2m
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member user\-supplied packages to use for prediction of
this version. The values should be given as a comma\-separated list of Google
Cloud Storage URIs (\f5gs://...\fR). At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-package\-uris\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\-URIS\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current user\-supplied packages to use for
prediction.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-package\-uris\fR
Empty the current user\-supplied packages to use for prediction.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-package\-uris\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\-URIS\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current user\-supplied packages to use for
prediction.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-package\-uris\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\-URIS\fR,...]
Completely replace the current user\-supplied packages to use for prediction
with the given values.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

The fully\-qualified name of the custom Model class in the package provided for
custom prediction. For example, \f5my_package.SequenceModel\fR. At most one of
these may be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-model\-class\fR
Clear the custom Model class from the version.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-class\fR=\fIMODEL_CLASS\fR
Set the custom Model class for the version.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml\-engine versions update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml\-engine versions update
$ gcloud beta ml\-engine versions update
.RE

