
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_SET\-DAG\-TIMEOUT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-dag\-timeout \- set DAG timeout on workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-dag\-timeout\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-dag\-timeout\fR=\fIDAG_TIMEOUT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Set DAG timeout on workflow template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to set DAG timeout on.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[template] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dag\-timeout\fR=\fIDAG_TIMEOUT\fR
The duration for which a DAG of jobs can run before being auto\-cancelled, such
as "10m" or "16h". See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add a DAG timeout of 2h (or update an existing one to 2h) on a workflow
template named \f5\fImy\-workflow\-template\fR\fR in region
\f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates set\-dag\-timeout \e
    my\-workflow\-template \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-dag\-timeout=2h"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates set\-dag\-timeout
.RE

