
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates \- create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc workflow templates



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Google Cloud Dataproc workflow templates.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-job\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add Google Cloud Dataproc jobs to workflow template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get IAM policy for a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBinstantiate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Instantiate a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBinstantiate\-from\-file\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Instantiate a workflow template from a file.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List workflow templates.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-job\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a job from workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Run a workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-cluster\-selector\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set cluster selector for the workflow template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for a template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-managed\-cluster\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set a managed cluster for the workflow template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates create my_template
.RE

To instantiate a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate my_template
.RE

To instantiate a workflow template from a file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file \e
    \-\-file template.yaml
.RE

To delete a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates delete my_template
.RE

To view the details of a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates describe my_template
.RE

To see the list of all workflow templates, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates list
.RE

To remove a job from a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates remove\-job my_template \e
    \-\-step\-id id
.RE

To update managed cluster in a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates set\-managed\-cluster \e
    my_template \-\-num\-masters 5
.RE

To update cluster selector in a workflow template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates set\-cluster\-selector \e
    my_template \e
    \-\-cluster\-labels environment=prod
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates
.RE

