
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services operations describe \- describes an operation resource for a given operation name



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fB\-\-full\fR=\fIFULL\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command will return information about an operation given the
name of that operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
The name of the operation to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-full\fR=\fIFULL\fR
(DEPRECATED) This flag is deprecated.

This flag is deprecated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an operation resource named \f5operations/abc\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha services operations describe operations/abc
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services operations describe
$ gcloud beta services operations describe
.RE

