
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_UPDATE\-FROM\-FILE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances update\-from\-file \- update a Compute Engine virtual machine instance using a configuration file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances update\-from\-file\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-minimal\-action\fR=\fIMINIMAL_ACTION\fR] [\fB\-\-most\-disruptive\-allowed\-action\fR=\fIMOST_DISRUPTIVE_ALLOWED_ACTION\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Compute Engine virtual machine instance using a
configuration file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to update. For details on valid instance names, refer to
the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-minimal\-action\fR=\fIMINIMAL_ACTION\fR
If specified, this action or higher level action is performed on the instance
irrespective of what action is required for the update to take effect. If not
specified, then Compute Engine acts based on the minimum action required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-most\-disruptive\-allowed\-action\fR=\fIMOST_DISRUPTIVE_ALLOWED_ACTION\fR
If specified, Compute Engine returns an error if the update requires a higher
action to be applied to the instance. If not specified, the default will be
REFRESH

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a YAML file containing configuration export data. The YAML file must not
contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag to read
from standard input. A schema describing the export/import format can be found
in: $CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/beta/Instance.yaml.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to update. If not specified, the user may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user will
then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

A virtual machine instance can be updated by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances update\-from\-file my\-instance \e
    \-\-source=<path\-to\-file>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances update\-from\-file
$ gcloud alpha compute instances update\-from\-file
.RE

