
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta debug snapshots \- commands for interacting with Cloud Debugger snapshots



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta debug snapshots\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Commands to interact with debug snapshots. Snapshots allow you to
capture stack traces and local variables from running services without
interfering with the normal function of the service.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create debug snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete debug snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe debug snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List debug snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Wait for debug snapshots to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots
.RE

