
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_OPERATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container operations \- get and list operations for Google Kubernetes Engine clusters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container operations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Get and list operations for Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcancel\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Cancel a running operation.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an operation.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List operations for container clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Poll an operation for completion.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container operations
$ gcloud alpha container operations
.RE

