
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_OPERATIONS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container operations cancel \- cancel a running operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container operations cancel\fR \fIOPERATION_ID\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Cancel a running operation.

Cancel is a best\-effort method for aborting a running operation. Operations
that have already completed can not be cancelled. If the operation has passed
the "point of no\-return", cancel will have no effect.

An example of "point of no\-return" in the context of Upgrade operations would
be if all the nodes have been upgraded but the operation hasn't been marked as
complete.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION_ID\fR
The operation id to cancel.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
Compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container operations cancel
.RE

