
.TH "GCLOUD_IAM_ROLES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iam roles update \- update an IAM custom role



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iam roles update\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR [\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-permissions\fR=\fIADD_PERMISSIONS\fR\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-permissions\fR=\fIPERMISSIONS\fR\ \fB\-\-remove\-permissions\fR=\fIREMOVE_PERMISSIONS\fR\ \fB\-\-stage\fR=\fISTAGE\fR\ \fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command updates an IAM custom role.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the custom role to update. For example: CustomRole. You must also
specify the \f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The Yaml file you want to use to update a role. Can not be specified with other
flags except role\-id.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to update.

.TP 2m

The following flags determine the fields need to be updated. You can update a
role by specifying the following flags, or you can update a role from a Yaml
file by specifying the file flag.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-permissions\fR=\fIADD_PERMISSIONS\fR
The permissions you want to add to the role. Use commas to separate them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The description of the role you want to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permissions\fR=\fIPERMISSIONS\fR
The permissions of the role you want to set. Use commas to separate them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-permissions\fR=\fIREMOVE_PERMISSIONS\fR
The permissions you want to remove from the role. Use commas to separate them.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-stage\fR=\fISTAGE\fR
The state of the role you want to update.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
The title of the role you want to update.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a role from a Yaml file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles update viewer \-\-organization 123 \e
    \-\-file role_file_path
.RE

To update a role with flags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles update viewer \-\-project myproject \e
    \-\-permissions permission1,permission2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles update
$ gcloud beta iam roles update
.RE

