
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_DATABASES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner databases \- manage Cloud Spanner databases



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner databases\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Spanner databases.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBddl\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the DDL for Cloud Spanner databases.

.TP 2m
\fBsessions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage the sessions for Cloud Spanner databases.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBexecute\-sql\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Executes a SQL query against a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the Cloud Spanner databases contained within the given
instance.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Cloud Spanner database.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner database.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases
$ gcloud beta spanner databases
.RE

