
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUNTIME\-CONFIG_CONFIGS_VARIABLES_WATCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta runtime\-config configs variables watch \- wait for a variable resources to change



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta runtime\-config configs variables watch\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-config\-name\fR=\fICONFIG_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-max\-wait\fR=\fIMAX_WAIT\fR] [\fB\-\-newer\-than\fR=\fINEWER_THAN\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command waits for the variable resource with the specified
name to either have its value changed or be deleted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Variable name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\-name\fR=\fICONFIG_NAME\fR
The name of the configuration resource to use.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-wait\fR=\fIMAX_WAIT\fR
An optional maximum time to wait. For example, "30s". See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-newer\-than\fR=\fINEWER_THAN\fR
Return immediately if the stored variable is newer than this time. See $ gcloud
topic datetimes for information on time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To wait for a variable to change or be deleted, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta runtime\-config configs variables watch my\-var \e
    \-\-config\-name my\-config
.RE

This command will return after the variable changes, is deleted, or a
server\-defined timeout elapses.

To wait for user\-specified period of 20 seconds, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta runtime\-config configs variables watch my\-var \e
    \-\-config\-name my\-config \-\-max\-wait 20
.RE

If a watch command returns due to a timeout, the command's exit value will be 2.
All other errors result in an exit value of 1. If the watched variable changes
prior to the timeout, the command will exit successfully with a value of 0.

Optionally, a \-\-newer\-than parameter can be specified to wait only if the
variable hasn't changed since the specified time. If the variable has changed
since the time passed to \-\-newer\-than, the command returns without waiting.
For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta runtime\-config configs variables watch my\-var \e
    \-\-config\-name my\-config \-\-newer\-than "2016\-04\-05T12:00:00Z"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

