
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_HUB_MEMBERSHIPS_GET\-CREDENTIALS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container hub memberships get\-credentials \- fetch credentials for a Hub\-registered cluster to be used in Connect Gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container hub memberships get\-credentials\fR \fIMEMBERSHIP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha container hub memberships get\-credentials updates
the \f5kubeconfig\fR file with the appropriate credentials and endpoint
information to send \f5kubectl\fR commands to a Hub\-registered and connected
cluster through Connect Gateway Service.

It takes a project, passed through by set defaults or flags. By default,
credentials are written to \f5$HOME/.kube/config\fR. You can provide an
alternate path by setting the \f5KUBECONFIG\fR environment variable. If
\f5KUBECONFIG\fR contains multiple paths, the first one is used.

Upon success, this command will switch current context to the target cluster,
when working with multiple clusters.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMEMBERSHIP\fR
The membership name used to locate a cluster in your project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

