
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAFLOW_SNAPSHOTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataflow snapshots create \- creates a snapshot for a Cloud Dataflow job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataflow snapshots create\fR \fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR [\fB\-\-snapshot\-sources\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_SOURCES\fR] [\fB\-\-snapshot\-ttl\fR=\fIDURATION\fR;\ default="7d"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Creates a snapshot for a Cloud Dataflow job.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR
The job ID to snapshot.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR
The region ID of the snapshot and job's regional endpoint.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-sources\fR=\fISNAPSHOT_SOURCES\fR
If true, snapshots will also be created for the Cloud Pub/Sub sources of the
Cloud Dataflow job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-ttl\fR=\fIDURATION\fR; default="7d"
Time to live for the snapshot.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Cloud Dataflow snapshot with sources for a running job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow snapshots create \-\-job\-id=JOB_ID \e
    \-\-region=JOB_REGION \-\-snapshot\-sources=true \-\-snapshot\-ttl=7d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataflow snapshots create
.RE

