
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_COMMITMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute commitments create \- create Google Compute Engine commitments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute commitments create\fR \fICOMMITMENT\fR \fB\-\-plan\fR=\fIPLAN\fR (\fB\-\-resources\fR=[\fIlocal\-ssd\fR=\fILOCAL\-SSD\fR],[\fImemory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR],[\fIvcpu\fR=\fIVCPU\fR]\ \fB\-\-resources\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR;\ default="general\-purpose"] [\fB\-\-reservations\-from\-file\fR=\fIRESERVATIONS_FROM_FILE\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-reservation\-zone\fR=\fIRESERVATION_ZONE\fR\ \fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]\ \fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]\ \fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR\ \fB\-\-require\-specific\-reservation\fR\ \fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine commitments.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICOMMITMENT\fR
Name of the commitment to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plan\fR=\fIPLAN\fR
Duration of the commitment. \fIPLAN\fR must be one of: \fB12\-month\fR,
\fB36\-month\fR.

.TP 2m

Manage the commitment for particular resources. At least one of these must be
specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resources\fR=[\fIlocal\-ssd\fR=\fILOCAL\-SSD\fR],[\fImemory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR],[\fIvcpu\fR=\fIVCPU\fR]
Resources to be included in the commitment. The ratio between the number of vCPU
cores and memory must conform to limits described at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/creating\-instance\-with\-custom\-machine\-type#specifications.
.TP 2m
\fBmemory\fR
The size of the memory, should include units (e.g. 3072MB or 9GB). If no units
are specified, GB is assumed.
.TP 2m
\fBvcpu\fR
The number of the vCPU cores.
.TP 2m
\fBlocal\-ssd\fR
The size of local SSD.
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resources\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]
Manage the configuration of the type and number of accelerator cards to include
in the commitment.
.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of accelerators to include.
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for NVIDIA Tesla K80) of the
accelerator. Use \f5gcloud compute accelerator\-types list\fR to learn about all
available accelerator types.

.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the commitment to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR; default="general\-purpose"
Type of commitment. \f5memory\-optimized\fR indicates that the commitment is for
memory\-optimized VMs. \fITYPE\fR must be one of: \fBcompute\-optimized\fR,
\fBgeneral\-purpose\fR, \fBgeneral\-purpose\-e2\fR, \fBgeneral\-purpose\-n2\fR,
\fBgeneral\-purpose\-n2d\fR, \fBmemory\-optimized\fR.

.TP 2m

Manage the reservations to be created with the commitment. At most one of these
may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservations\-from\-file\fR=\fIRESERVATIONS_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a YAML file of multiple reservations' configuration.

.TP 2m

Manage the reservation to be created with the commitment.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\fR=\fIRESERVATION\fR
Name of the reservation to operate on. This flag must be specified if any of the
other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reservation\-zone\fR=\fIRESERVATION_ZONE\fR
Zone of the reservation to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Manage the specific SKU reservation properties to create.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]
Manage the configuration of the type and number of accelerator cards attached.
.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of accelerators to attach to each instance in the reservation.
.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. \f5nvidia\-tesla\-k80\fR for nVidia Tesla K80) of
accelerator to attach to instances in the reservation. Use \f5gcloud compute
accelerator\-types list\fR to learn about all available accelerator types.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]
Manage the size and the interface of local SSD to use. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/local\-ssd for more information.
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fBinterface\fR
The kind of disk interface exposed to the VM for this SSD. Valid values are
\f5scsi\fR and \f5nvme\fR. SCSI is the default and is supported by more guest
operating systems. NVME may provide higher performance.
.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR
The size of the local SSD in base\-2 GB.
.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine (name only) which has a fixed number of vCPUs and a fixed
amount of memory. This also includes specifying custom machine type following
\f5custom\-number_of_CPUs\-amount_of_memory\fR pattern, e.g.
\f5custom\-32\-29440\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR
Optional minimum CPU platform of the reservation to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-specific\-reservation\fR
Indicates whether the reservation can be consumed by VMs with "any reservation"
defined. If enabled, then only VMs that target this reservation by name using
\f5\-\-reservation\-affinity=specific\fR can consume from this reservation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR
The number of VM instances that are allocated to this reservation. The value of
this field must be an int in the range [1, 1000].


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute commitments create
$ gcloud beta compute commitments create
.RE

