
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TPUS_EXECUTION\-GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute tpus execution\-groups create \- create Google Compute TPUs along with VMs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute tpus execution\-groups create\fR [\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR;\ default="v2\-8"] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR;\ default="250GB"] [\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR] [\fB\-\-forward\-ports\fR] [\fB\-\-gce\-image\fR=\fIGCE_IMAGE\fR] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR;\ default="n1\-standard\-1"] [\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-preemptible\fR] [\fB\-\-preemptible\-vm\fR] [\fB\-\-tf\-version\fR=\fITF_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-use\-dl\-images\fR] [\fB\-\-vm\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute TPUs along with VMs.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR; default="v2\-8"
TPU accelerator type for the TPU. If not specified, this defaults to
\f5v2\-8\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR; default="250GB"
Configures the root volume size of your Compute Engine VM (in GB). The minimum
size is 20GB and the maximum is 500GB. Specified value must be an integer
multiple of Gigabytes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Do not make changes; print only what would have happened.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-forward\-ports\fR
Automatically forward useful ports from the Compute Engine VM to your local
machine. The ports forwarded are: 6006 (tensorboard), 8888 (jupyter notebooks),
8470 (TPU port), 8466 (TPU profiler port).

Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-forward\-ports\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-image\fR=\fIGCE_IMAGE\fR
Override the automatically chosen Compute Engine Image. Use this flag when
you're using your own custom images instead of the provided ones with TensorFlow
pre\-installed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR; default="n1\-standard\-1"
Specifies the machine type used for the Compute Engine VM. To get a list of
available machine types, run 'gcloud compute machine\-types list'. If
unspecified, the default type is n1\-standard\-1.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Override the name to use for VMs and TPUs (defaults to your username).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
Specifies the network the Cloud TPU and associated VM should be created in. If
unspecified, the network "default" is picked.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\fR
Create a preemptible Cloud TPU, instead of a normal (non\-preemptible) Cloud
TPU. A preemptible Cloud TPU costs less per hour, but the Cloud TPU service can
stop/terminate the node at any time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\-vm\fR
Create a preemptible Compute Engine VM, instead of a normal (non\-preemptible)
VM. A preemptible VM costs less per hour, but the Compute Engine service can
terminate the instance at any time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tf\-version\fR=\fITF_VERSION\fR
Set the version of TensorFlow to use when creating the Compute Engine VM and the
Cloud TPU. (It defaults to auto\-selecting the latest stable release.)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-dl\-images\fR
Use Deep Learning VM Images (see docs \-
https://cloud.google.com/deep\-learning\-vm/) instead of TPU\-specific machine
images. Defaults to TPU\-specific images.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-only\fR
Do not allocate a TPU, only allocate a VM (useful if you're not ready to run on
a TPU yet).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the tpu to create. If not specified and the \f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR
property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

