
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_DEPLOY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run deploy \- deploy a container to Cloud Run



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run deploy\fR [[\fISERVICE\fR]\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR] [\fB\-\-args\fR=[\fIARG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-command\fR=[\fICOMMAND\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-concurrency\fR=\fICONCURRENCY\fR] [\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR] [\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR] [\fB\-\-ingress\fR=\fIINGRESS\fR;\ default="all"] [\fB\-\-max\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_INSTANCES\fR] [\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR] [\fB\-\-min\-instances\fR=\fIMIN_INSTANCES\fR] [\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-traffic\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-env\-vars\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-update\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-connectivity\fR=\fICONNECTIVITY\fR\ \fB\-\-[no\-]use\-http2\fR\ \fB\-\-clear\-config\-maps\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-config\-maps\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-config\-maps\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-update\-config\-maps\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-secrets\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-secrets\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-secrets\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-update\-secrets\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-[no\-]allow\-unauthenticated\fR\ \fB\-\-clear\-vpc\-connector\fR\ \fB\-\-revision\-suffix\fR=\fIREVISION_SUFFIX\fR\ \fB\-\-vpc\-connector\fR=\fIVPC_CONNECTOR\fR\ \fB\-\-vpc\-egress\fR=\fIVPC_EGRESS\fR\ \fB\-\-add\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-cloudsql\-instances\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-set\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR\ \fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deploys container images to Google Cloud Run.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- Service to deploy to. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISERVICE\fR]
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Specific to Cloud Run for Anthos: Kubernetes namespace for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-args\fR=[\fIARG\fR,...]
Comma\-separated arguments passed to the command run by the container image. If
not specified and no '\-\-command' is provided, the container image's default
Cmd is used. Otherwise, if not specified, no arguments are passed. To reset this
field to its default, pass an empty string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-command\fR=[\fICOMMAND\fR,...]
Entrypoint for the container image. If not specified, the container image's
default Entrypoint is run. To reset this field to its default, pass an empty
string.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-concurrency\fR=\fICONCURRENCY\fR
Set the maximum number of concurrent requests allowed per container instance. If
concurrency is unspecified, any number of concurrent requests are allowed. To
unset this field, provide the special value \f5default\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cpu\fR=\fICPU\fR
Set a CPU limit in Kubernetes cpu units.

Cloud Run (fully managed) supports values 1, 2 and 4. For Cloud Run (fully
managed), 4 cpus also requires a minimum 2Gi \f5\-\-memory\fR value. Examples 2,
2.0, 2000m

Cloud Run for Anthos and Knative\-compatible Kubernetes clusters support
fractional values. Examples .5, 500m, 2

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
Name of the container image to deploy (e.g. \f5gcr.io/cloudrun/hello:latest\fR).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ingress\fR=\fIINGRESS\fR; default="all"
Set the ingress traffic sources allowed to call the service. For Cloud Run
(fully managed) the \f5\-\-[no\-]allow\-unauthenticated\fR flag separately
controls the identities allowed to call the service. \fIINGRESS\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
Inbound requests from all sources are allowed.
.TP 2m
\fBinternal\fR
For Cloud Run (fully managed), only inbound requests from VPC networks in the
same project are allowed. For Cloud Run for Anthos, only inbound requests from
the same cluster are allowed.
.TP 2m
\fBinternal\-and\-cloud\-load\-balancing\fR
Only supported for Cloud Run (fully managed). Only inbound requests from VPC
networks in the same project or from Google Cloud Load Balancing are allowed.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-instances\fR=\fIMAX_INSTANCES\fR
The maximum number of container instances of the Service to run. Use 'default'
to unset the limit and use the platform default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-memory\fR=\fIMEMORY\fR
Set a memory limit. Ex: 1Gi, 512Mi.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-instances\fR=\fIMIN_INSTANCES\fR
The minimum number of container instances of the Service to run or 'default' to
remove any minimum.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
Target platform for running commands. Alternatively, set the property
[run/platform]. If not specified, the user will be prompted to choose a
platform. \fIPLATFORM\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanaged\fR
Fully managed version of Cloud Run. Use with the \f5\-\-region\fR flag or set
the [run/region] property to specify a Cloud Run region.
.TP 2m
\fBgke\fR
Cloud Run for Anthos on Google Cloud. Use with the \f5\-\-cluster\fR and
\f5\-\-cluster\-location\fR flags or set the [run/cluster] and
[run/cluster_location] properties to specify a cluster in a given zone.
.TP 2m
\fBkubernetes\fR
Use a Knative\-compatible kubernetes cluster. Use with the \f5\-\-kubeconfig\fR
and \f5\-\-context\fR flags to specify a kubeconfig file and the context for
connecting.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Container port to receive requests at. Also sets the $PORT environment variable.
Must be a number between 1 and 65535, inclusive. To unset this field, pass the
special value "default".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
Service account associated with the revision of the service. The service account
represents the identity of the running revision, and determines what permissions
the revision has. For the managed platform, this is the email address of an IAM
service account. For the Kubernetes\-based platforms (gke, kubernetes), this is
the name of a Kubernetes service account in the same namespace as the service.
If not provided, the revision will use the default service account of the
project, or default Kubernetes namespace service account respectively.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
The location of the source to build. The location can be a directory on a local
disk or a gzipped archive file (.tar.gz) in Google Cloud Storage. If the source
is a local directory, this command skips the files specified in the
\f5\-\-ignore\-file\fR. If \f5\-\-ignore\-file\fR is not specified,
use\f5.gcloudignore\fR file. If a \f5.gcloudignore\fR file is absent and a
\f5.gitignore\fR file is present in the local source directory, gcloud will use
a generated Git\-compatible \f5.gcloudignore\fR file that respects your
.gitignored files. The global \f5.gitignore\fR is not respected. For more
information on \f5.gcloudignore\fR, see \f5gcloud topic gcloudignore\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\fR=\fITAG\fR
Traffic tag to assign to the newly created revision.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
Set the maximum request execution time (timeout). It is specified as a duration;
for example, "10m5s" is ten minutes, and five seconds. If you don't specify a
unit, seconds is assumed. For example, "10" is 10 seconds.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-traffic\fR
True to avoid sending traffic to the revision being deployed. Setting this flag
assigns any traffic assigned to the LATEST revision to the specific revision
bound to LATEST before the deployment. The effect is that the revision being
deployed will not receive traffic.

After a deployment with this flag the LATEST revision will not receive traffic
on future deployments. To restore sending traffic to the LATEST revision by
default, run the \f5gcloud run service update\-traffic\fR command with
\f5\-\-to\-latest\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-env\-vars\fR
Remove all environment variables.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as environment variables. All existing
environment variables will be removed first.

.TP 2m

Only \-\-update\-env\-vars and \-\-remove\-env\-vars can be used together. If
both are specified, \-\-remove\-env\-vars will be applied first.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of environment variables to be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-env\-vars\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as environment variables.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run deploy \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run deploy \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

An alias to \-\-update\-labels.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud
or Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware. Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR or
\f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-connectivity\fR=\fICONNECTIVITY\fR
(DEPRECATED) Defaults to 'external'. If 'external', the service can be invoked
through the internet, in addition to through the cluster network.

The \-\-connectivity flag is deprecated and will be removed in an upcoming
release. Please use the \-\-ingress flag instead. \fICONNECTIVITY\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexternal\fR
Visible from outside the cluster.
.TP 2m
\fBinternal\fR
Visible only within the cluster.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]use\-http2\fR
Whether to use HTTP/2 for connections to the service. Use \fB\-\-use\-http2\fR
to enable and \fB\-\-no\-use\-http2\fR to disable.

.TP 2m

Specify config map to mount or provide as environment variables. Keys starting
with a forward slash '/' are mount paths. All other keys correspond to
environment variables. The values associated with each of these should be in the
form CONFIG_MAP_NAME:KEY_IN_CONFIG_MAP; you may omit the key within the config
map to specify a mount of all keys within the config map. For example:
\'\-\-update\-config\-maps=/my/path=myconfig,ENV=otherconfig:key.json' will
create a volume with config map 'myconfig' and mount that volume at '/my/path'.
Because no config map key was specified, all keys in 'myconfig' will be
included. An environment variable named ENV will also be created whose value is
the value of 'key.json' in 'otherconfig'. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-config\-maps\fR
Remove all config\-maps.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-config\-maps\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as config\-maps. All existing config\-maps will
be removed first.

.TP 2m

Only \-\-update\-config\-maps and \-\-remove\-config\-maps can be used together.
If both are specified, \-\-remove\-config\-maps will be applied first.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-config\-maps\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of config\-maps to be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-config\-maps\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as config\-maps.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Specify secrets to mount or provide as environment variables. Keys starting with
a forward slash '/' are mount paths. All other keys correspond to environment
variables. The values associated with each of these should be in the form
SECRET_NAME:KEY_IN_SECRET; you may omit the key within the secret to specify a
mount of all keys within the secret. For example:
\'\-\-update\-secrets=/my/path=mysecret,ENV=othersecret:key.json' will create a
volume with secret 'mysecret' and mount that volume at '/my/path'. Because no
secret key was specified, all keys in 'mysecret' will be included. An
environment variable named ENV will also be created whose value is the value of
\'key.json' in 'othersecret'. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-secrets\fR
Remove all secrets.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-secrets\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as secrets. All existing secrets will be removed
first.

.TP 2m

Only \-\-update\-secrets and \-\-remove\-secrets can be used together. If both
are specified, \-\-remove\-secrets will be applied first.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-secrets\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of secrets to be removed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-secrets\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key\-value pairs to set as secrets.

.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\f5\-\-platform=managed\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]allow\-unauthenticated\fR
Whether to enable allowing unauthenticated access to the service. This may take
a few moments to take effect. Use \fB\-\-allow\-unauthenticated\fR to enable and
\fB\-\-no\-allow\-unauthenticated\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-vpc\-connector\fR
Remove the VPC connector for this Service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-revision\-suffix\fR=\fIREVISION_SUFFIX\fR
Specify the suffix of the revision name. Revision names always start with the
service name automatically. For example, specifying [\-\-revision\-suffix=v1]
for a service named 'helloworld', would lead to a revision named
\'helloworld\-v1'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpc\-connector\fR=\fIVPC_CONNECTOR\fR
Set a VPC connector for this Service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpc\-egress\fR=\fIVPC_EGRESS\fR
The outbound traffic to send through the VPC connector for this Service. This
Service must have a VPC connector to set VPC egress. \fIVPC_EGRESS\fR must be
one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
Sends all outbound traffic through the VPC connector.
.TP 2m
\fBprivate\-ranges\-only\fR
Default option. Sends outbound traffic to private IP addresses defined by
RFC1918 through the VPC connector.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

These flags modify the Cloud SQL instances this Service connects to. You can
specify a name of a Cloud SQL instance if it's in the same project and region as
your Cloud Run service; otherwise specify <project>:<region>:<instance> for the
instance. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-cloudsql\-instances\fR
Empty the current Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current Cloud SQL instances.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-cloudsql\-instances\fR=[\fICLOUDSQL\-INSTANCES\fR,...]
Completely replace the current Cloud SQL instances with the given values.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Arguments to locate resources, depending on the platform used. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run (fully managed). Specify
\f5\-\-platform=managed\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region in which the resource can be found. Alternatively, set the property
[run/region].

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on Google Cloud.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=gke\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Cluster resource \- Kubernetes Engine cluster to connect to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-cluster] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [run/cluster] with a
fully specified name; specify the cluster from a list of available clusters with
a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project].

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the cluster or fully qualified identifier for the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\-location\fR=\fICLUSTER_LOCATION\fR
Zone in which the cluster is located. Alternatively, set the property
[run/cluster_location].

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Only applicable if connecting to Cloud Run for Anthos deployed on VMware.
Specify \f5\-\-platform=kubernetes\fR to use:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-context\fR=\fICONTEXT\fR
The name of the context in your kubectl config file to use for connecting.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kubeconfig\fR=\fIKUBECONFIG\fR
The absolute path to your kubectl config file. If not specified, the colon\- or
semicolon\-delimited list of paths specified by $KUBECONFIG will be used. If
$KUBECONFIG is unset, this defaults to \f5~/.kube/config\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deploy a container to the service \f5my\-backend\fR on Cloud Run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run deploy my\-backend \-\-image=gcr.io/my/image
.RE

You may also omit the service name. Then a prompt will be displayed with a
suggested default value:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run deploy \-\-image=gcr.io/my/image
.RE

To deploy to Cloud Run on Kubernetes Engine, you need to specify a cluster:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run deploy \-\-image=gcr.io/my/image \e
  \-\-cluster=my\-cluster
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run deploy
$ gcloud beta run deploy
.RE

