
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_OS\-INVENTORY_LIST\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \- list instances with specific OS inventory data values



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances\fR [\fB\-\-inventory\-filter\fR=\fIINVENTORY_FILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-kernel\-version\fR=\fIKERNEL_VERSION\fR\ \fB\-\-os\-shortname\fR=\fIOS_SHORTNAME\fR\ \fB\-\-os\-version\fR=\fIOS_VERSION\fR\ \fB\-\-package\-name\fR=\fIPACKAGE_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-package\-version\fR=\fIPACKAGE_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances
displays all Google Compute Engine instances in a project matching an inventory
filter. Run $ gcloud topic filters to see the supported filter syntax.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-inventory\-filter\fR=\fIINVENTORY_FILTER\fR
Filter expression for matching against OS inventory criteria

.TP 2m

Exact match values for OS inventory data:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kernel\-version\fR=\fIKERNEL_VERSION\fR
If specified, only instances with this kernel version in their inventory data
will be displayed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-os\-shortname\fR=\fIOS_SHORTNAME\fR
If specified, only instances with this OS shortname in their inventory data will
be displayed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-os\-version\fR=\fIOS_VERSION\fR
If specified, only instances with this OS version in their inventory data will
be displayed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-package\-name\fR=\fIPACKAGE_NAME\fR
If specified, only instances with an installed package of this name in their
inventory data will be displayed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-package\-version\fR=\fIPACKAGE_VERSION\fR
If specified with a package name, only instances with the installed package of
this version in their inventory data will be displayed.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all instances with OS inventory data in a project in table form, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances
.RE

To list the URIs of all instances whose OS short name contains rhel, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-inventory\-filter="ShortName:rhel" \-\-uri
.RE

To list the URIs of all instances whose OS short name is equal to rhel, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-os\-shortname="rhel" \-\-uri
.RE

To list all instances with package google\-cloud\-sdk of version 235.0.0\-0
installed, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-package\-name="google\-cloud\-sdk" \e
\-\-package\-version="235.0.0\-0"
.RE

To list all instances with package name matching a regex ^google\-cloud\fB
available for update through apt, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-inventory\-filter="\e
PackageUpdates.apt[].Name~^google\-cloud*"
.RE

To list all instances with package update google\-cloud\-sdk of version greater
than or equal to 235.0.0\-0 available through apt, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-inventory\-filter="\e
PackageUpdates.apt[].['google\-cloud\-sdk'].Version>=235.0.0\-0"
.RE

To list all instances missing the Stackdriver monitoring package
stackdriver\-agent, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-inventory\-filter="\e
NOT(InstalledPackages:stackdriver\-agent)"
.RE

To list all Windows instances with an installed qfe hotfix whose ID equals
KB4462930, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-inventory\-filter="\e
InstalledPackages.qfe[].HotFixID=KB4462930"
.RE

To list all Windows instances with a wua update whose description contains the
word Security, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances \e
\-\-inventory\-filter="\e
InstalledPackages.wua[].Description:Security"
.RE


\fR

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances
$ gcloud alpha compute instances os\-inventory list\-instances
.RE

