
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_SET\-MIN\-CPU\-PLATFORM" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances set\-min\-cpu\-platform \- set minimum CPU platform for Compute Engine virtual machines



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances set\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command is deprecated. Use $ gcloud alpha
compute instances update \-\-set\-min\-cpu\-platform instead.

\f5gcloud alpha compute instances set\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR changes the minimum
CPU platform of a virtual machine with the \fBTERMINATED\fR status (a virtual
machine instance that has been stopped).

For example, running the command on example\-instance virtual machine which has
a status of TERMINATED

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances set\-min\-cpu\-platform \e
    example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a        \e
    \-\-min\-cpu\-platform "Intel Broadwell"
.RE

will set the minimum CPU platform to \f5Intel Broadwell\fR. When you start
\f5example\-instance\fR later, it will be provisioned using at least \f5Intel
Broadwell\fR CPU platform.

To get a list of available CPU platforms in us\-central1\-a zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute zones describe us\-central1\-a        \e
    \-\-format="value(availableCpuPlatforms)"
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on. For details on valid instance names, refer
to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIPLATFORM\fR
When specified, the VM will be scheduled on host with specified CPU architecture
or a newer one. To list available CPU platforms in given zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute zones describe ZONE \e
  \-\-format="value(availableCpuPlatforms)"
.RE

Default setting is "AUTOMATIC".

CPU platform selection is available only in selected zones.

You can find more information on\-line:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/specify\-min\-cpu\-platform


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, the user may be prompted
to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching
for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined, the user
will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

