
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ENDPOINTS_SERVICES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISERVICE\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of a service. One
binding consists of a member, a role, and an optional condition.

Note: The 'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' role can only be added to a
member which is a user, group, or service account.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The service for which to add IAM policy binding to. This
represents a Cloud resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

Condition of the binding to be added. When condition is explicitly specified as
\f5None\fR (e.g. \-\-condition=None), a binding without a condition is added.
When \-\-condition is specified and is not a \f5None\fR condition,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) Title for the expression, i.e. a short string describing its purpose.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Description for the expression. This is a longer text which describes
the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBservicemanagement/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/service\-management/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' for the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
with service 'my\-service', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-service \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer' to the service account
\'test\-proj1@example.domain.com', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    test\-proj1@example.domain.com \e
    \-\-member='serviceAccount:test\-proj1@example.domain.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.serviceConsumer'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2018 for the
role of 'roles/servicemanagement.quotaAdmin' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com'
with service 'my\-service', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-service \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/servicemanagement.quotaAdmin' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types. See
https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/conditions\-overview for details on
conditions.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta endpoints services add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

