
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta access\-context\-manager policies create \- create a new access policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta access\-context\-manager policies create\fR \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR \fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new access policy.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization for the access policies.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
Short human\-readable title of the access level.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager policies create
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager policies create
.RE

