
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_DEVICES_CREDENTIALS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot devices credentials delete \- delete a credential from a device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot devices credentials delete\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a credential from a device.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

DEVICE \- The device from which to delete credentials. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
The ID of the device or a fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the device.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The device registry for the device.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices credentials delete
$ gcloud alpha iot devices credentials delete
.RE

