
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_PATCH\-JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs describe \- describe the given OS patch job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs describe\fR \fIPATCH_JOB\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Patch job resource \- Patch job to describe. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [patch_job] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPATCH_JOB\fR
ID of the patch_job or fully qualified identifier for the patch_job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To check the status of the patch job 'job1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config patch\-jobs describe job1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

