
.TH "GCLOUD_SQL_USERS_SET\-PASSWORD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud sql users set\-password \- changes a user's password in a given instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud sql users set\-password\fR \fIUSERNAME\fR \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR] [\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Changes a user's password in a given instance with specified username and host.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIUSERNAME\fR
Cloud SQL username.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR, \fB\-i\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\fR=\fIHOST\fR
Cloud SQL user's host name expressed as a specific IP address or address range.
\f5%\fR denotes an unrestricted host name. Applicable flag for MySQL instances;
ignored for PostgreSQL instances. Note, if you connect to your instance using IP
addresses, you must add your client IP address as an Authorized Address, even if
your host name is unrestricted. For help on how to do so, read:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/configure\-ip

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-password\fR=\fIPASSWORD\fR
Cloud SQL user's password.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-prompt\-for\-password\fR
Prompt for the Cloud SQL user's password with character echo disabled. The
password is all typed characters up to but not including the RETURN or ENTER
key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha sql users set\-password
$ gcloud beta sql users set\-password
.RE

