
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_MANAGED\-ZONES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns managed\-zones describe \- view the details of a Cloud DNS managed\-zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns managed\-zones describe\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command displays the details of the specified managed\-zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Zone resource \- The name of the managed\-zone to be described. This represents
a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group
but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the
argument [zone] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIZONE\fR
ID of the zone or fully qualified identifier for the zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To display the details of your managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones describe my_zone
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns managed\-zones describe
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones describe
.RE

