
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices \- manage Cloud IoT Devices



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud IoT Devices.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcommands\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage commands for Cloud IoT devices.

.TP 2m
\fBconfigs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage configurations for Cloud IoT devices.

.TP 2m
\fBcredentials\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage credentials for Cloud IoT devices.

.TP 2m
\fBgateways\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud IoT Core Gateway Associations.

.TP 2m
\fBstates\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage states for Cloud IoT devices.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new device.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a device.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a device.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List devices.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing device.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices
$ gcloud beta iot devices
.RE

