
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_PUBLIC\-KEYS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container binauthz attestors public\-keys update \- update a public key on an Attestor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container binauthz attestors public\-keys update\fR \fIPUBLIC_KEY_ID\fR \fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR [\fB\-\-comment\fR=\fICOMMENT\fR] [\fB\-\-pgp\-public\-key\-file\fR=\fIPGP_PUBLIC_KEY_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPUBLIC_KEY_ID\fR
The ID of the public key to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The attestor on which the public key should be updated.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [\-\-attestor] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-comment\fR=\fICOMMENT\fR
The comment describing the public key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pgp\-public\-key\-file\fR=\fIPGP_PUBLIC_KEY_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing the updated ASCII\-armored PGP public key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a PGP public key on an existing Attestor \f5my_attestor\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors public\-keys update \e
    0638AADD940361EA2D7F14C58C124F0E663DA097 \e
    \-\-attestor=my_attestor \e
    \-\-pgp\-public\-key\-file=my_key.pub
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz attestors public\-keys update
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors public\-keys update
.RE

