
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_VARIANTSETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics variantsets \- commands for Genomics variant sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics variantsets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to create, export, delete, list and describe variant
sets.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a variant set belonging to a specified dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a variant set.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Gets a variant set by ID.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports data from a variant set to an external destination.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Genomics variant sets in a dataset.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a variant set name or description.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

