
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_DEVELOPERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee developers \- manage Apigee developers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee developers\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Apigee developers.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee developers\fR manages developers that want to use APIs
exposed via Apigee in their applications.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Apigee developer.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Apigee developers by email address.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list the email addresses of all the developers in the active Cloud Platform
project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee developers list
.RE

To get that list as a JSON array and only include developers with
\f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR addresses, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee developers list \-\-format=json \e
  \-\-filter="email:(@example.com)"
.RE

To get details about a specific developer in the active Cloud Platform project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee developers describe DEVELOPER_EMAIL
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee developers
$ gcloud beta apigee developers
.RE

