
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_RULES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules create \- create a Google Compute Engine security policy rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules create\fR \fIPRIORITY\fR \fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR \fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-dest\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fIDEST_IP_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-dest\-ports\fR=[\fIDEST_PORTS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-layer4\-configs\fR=[\fILAYER4_CONFIG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-resources\fR=[\fITARGET_RESOURCES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-service\-accounts\fR=[\fITARGET_SERVICE_ACCOUNTS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules create\fR is
used to create organization security policy rules.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of the security policy rule to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-action\fR=\fIACTION\fR
Action to take if the request matches the match condition. \fIACTION\fR must be
one of: \fBallow\fR, \fBdeny\fR, \fBgoto_next\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name of the security policy into which the rule should be inserted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dest\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fIDEST_IP_RANGE\fR,...]
Destination IP ranges to match for this rule. Can only be specified if DIRECTION
is egress.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dest\-ports\fR=[\fIDEST_PORTS\fR,...]
A list of destination protocols and ports to which the firewall rule will apply.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR
Direction of the traffic the rule is applied. The default is to apply on
incoming traffic. \fIDIRECTION\fR must be one of: \fBINGRESS\fR, \fBEGRESS\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
Use this flag to enable logging of connections that allowed or denied by this
rule.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-layer4\-configs\fR=[\fILAYER4_CONFIG\fR,...]
A list of destination protocols and ports to which the firewall rule will apply.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization which the organization security policy belongs to. Must be set if
SECURITY_POLICY is display name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-src\-ip\-ranges\fR=[\fISRC_IP_RANGE\fR,...]
Source IP ranges to match for this rule. Can only be specified if DIRECTION is
ingress.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-resources\fR=[\fITARGET_RESOURCES\fR,...]
List of URLs of target resources to which the rule is applied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-service\-accounts\fR=[\fITARGET_SERVICE_ACCOUNTS\fR,...]
List of target service accounts for the rule.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a rule with priority ``10" in an organization security policy with ID
``123456789", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules create create \e
    10 \-\-security\-policy=123456789 \-\-action=allow
\-\-description=example\-rule
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules create
.RE

