
.TH "GCLOUD_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_TRUSTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud active\-directory domains trusts update \- update target DNS IP addresses for a Managed Microsoft AD trust



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud active\-directory domains trusts update\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR \fB\-\-target\-dns\-ip\-addresses\fR=[\fITARGET_DNS_IP_ADDRESSES\fR,...] \fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update target DNS IP addresses for a Managed Microsoft AD trust between the
managed domain and the target domain.

.RS 2m
This command can fail for the following reasons:
  * The domain specified does not exist.
  * The active account does not have permission to access the given
    domain.
  * The AD trust specified does not exist.
  * The active account does not have permission to access the given
    AD trust.
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the Managed Microsoft AD trust for which you want to
update target DNS IP Addresses. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [domain] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-dns\-ip\-addresses\fR=[\fITARGET_DNS_IP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]
DNS server IP addresses that can resolve the target domain.

Only IPv4 is supported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR
Target domain name for the Managed Microsoft AD trust you want to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates the target DNS IP address for the AD trust between
\f5my\-domain.com\fR and \f5 my\-target\-domain.com\fR to \f510.177.0.3\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud active\-directory domains trusts update  my\-domain.com \e
    \-\-target\-domain\-name=my\-target\-domain.com
\-\-target\-dns\-ip\-addresses=10.177.0.3
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains trusts update
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains trusts update
.RE

