
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECAPTCHA_KEYS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recaptcha keys describe \- describes reCAPTCHA Key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recaptcha keys describe\fR \fIKEY\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Gets the details of a reCAPTCHA Key.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Key resource \- The reCAPTCHA key to describe. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [key] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBrecaptchaenterprise/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/recaptcha\-enterprise/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

