
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc clusters create \- create a cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc clusters create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-no\-address\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR] [\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR;\ default="10m"] [\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR=\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-masters\fR=\fINUM_MASTERS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR] [\fB\-\-preemptible\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIPREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-preemptible\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIPREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR,\ \fB\-z\fR\ \fIZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\-keyring\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\-location\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\-project\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-single\-node\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR\ \fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a cluster.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of this cluster.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-no\-address\fR
If provided, the instances in the cluster will not be assigned external IP
addresses.

If omitted the instances in the cluster will each be assigned an ephemeral
external IP address.

Note: Dataproc VMs need access to the Dataproc API. This can be achieved without
external IP addresses using Private Google Access
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/private\-google\-access).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bucket\fR=\fIBUCKET\fR
The Google Cloud Storage bucket to use with the Google Cloud Storage connector.
A bucket is auto created when this parameter is not specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initialization\-action\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR; default="10m"
The maximum duration of each initialization action. See $ gcloud topic datetimes
for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-initialization\-actions\fR=\fICLOUD_STORAGE_URI\fR,[...]
A list of Google Cloud Storage URIs of executables to run on each node in the
cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. The value must be \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR or
\f5\fIpd\-ssd\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-master\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMASTER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for the master. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata to be made available to the guest operating system running on the
instances

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-master\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_MASTER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to the master in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-masters\fR=\fINUM_MASTERS\fR
The number of master nodes in the cluster.


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB
l l.
Number of Masters	Cluster Mode
1	Standard
3	High Availability
.TE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to each preemptible worker in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-worker\-local\-ssds\fR=\fINUM_WORKER_LOCAL_SSDS\fR
The number of local SSDs to attach to each worker in a cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIPREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preemptible\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIPREEMPTIBLE_WORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. The value must be \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR or
\f5\fIpd\-ssd\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPREFIX\fR:\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Specifies configuration properties for installed packages, such as Hadoop and
Spark.

Properties are mapped to configuration files by specifying a prefix, such as
"core:io.serializations". The following are supported prefixes and their
mappings:


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB lB
l l l.
Prefix	File	Purpose of file
capacity-scheduler	capacity-scheduler.xml	Hadoop YARN Capacity Scheduler configuration
core	core-site.xml	Hadoop general configuration
distcp	distcp-default.xml	Hadoop Distributed Copy configuration
hadoop-env	hadoop-env.sh	Hadoop specific environment variables
hdfs	hdfs-site.xml	Hadoop HDFS configuration
hive	hive-site.xml	Hive configuration
mapred	mapred-site.xml	Hadoop MapReduce configuration
mapred-env	mapred-env.sh	Hadoop MapReduce specific environment variables
pig	pig.properties	Pig configuration
spark	spark-defaults.conf	Spark configuration
spark-env	spark-env.sh	Spark specific environment variables
yarn	yarn-site.xml	Hadoop YARN configuration
yarn-env	yarn-env.sh	Hadoop YARN specific environment variables
.TE

See
https://cloud.google.com/dataproc/docs/concepts/configuring\-clusters/cluster\-properties
for more information.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scopes\fR=\fISCOPE\fR,[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
Specifies scopes for the node instances. Multiple SCOPEs can be specified,
separated by commas. Examples:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create example\-cluster \e
    \-\-scopes sqlservice,bigquery
.RE

The following \fBminimum scopes\fR are necessary for the cluster to function
properly and are always added, even if not explicitly specified:

.RS 2m
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
.RE

If the \f5\-\-scopes\fR flag is not specified, the following \fBdefault
scopes\fR are also included:

.RS 2m
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.admin.table
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigtable.data
https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
.RE

If you want to enable all scopes use the 'cloud\-platform' scope.

SCOPE can be either the full URI of the scope or an alias. \fBdefault\fR scopes
are assigned to all instances. Available aliases are:


.TS
tab(	);
lB lB
l l.
Alias	URI
bigquery	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/bigquery
cloud-platform	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/cloud-platform
cloud-source-repos	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.full_control
cloud-source-repos-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/source.read_only
compute-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute.readonly
compute-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/compute
datastore	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/datastore
default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
gke-default	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
logging-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/logging.write
monitoring	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring
monitoring-write	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/monitoring.write
pubsub	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/pubsub
service-control	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/servicecontrol
service-management	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/service.management.readonly
sql (deprecated)	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice
sql-admin	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin
storage-full	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.full_control
storage-ro	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_only
storage-rw	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/devstorage.read_write
taskqueue	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/taskqueue
trace	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/trace.append
userinfo-email	https://www.googleapis.com/auth/userinfo.email
.TE

DEPRECATION WARNING: https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice account scope
and \f5sql\fR alias do not provide SQL instance management capabilities and have
been deprecated. Please, use https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin or
\f5sql\-admin\fR to manage your Google SQL Service instances.


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT\fR
The Google Cloud IAM service account to be authenticated as.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tags\fR=\fITAG\fR,[\fITAG\fR,...]
Specifies a list of tags to apply to the instance. These tags allow network
firewall rules and routes to be applied to specified VM instances. See \fBgcloud
compute firewall\-rules create\fR(1) for more details.

To read more about configuring network tags, read this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/add\-remove\-network\-tags

To list instances with their respective status and tags, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \e
    \-\-format='table(name,status,tags.list())'
.RE

To list instances tagged with a specific tag, \f5tag1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances list \-\-filter='tags:tag1'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-size\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_SIZE\fR
The size of the boot disk. The value must be a whole number followed by a size
unit of \f5\fIKB\fR\fR for kilobyte, \f5\fIMB\fR\fR for megabyte, \f5\fIGB\fR\fR
for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce a 10 gigabyte disk. The minimum size a boot disk can have is 10 GB. Disk
size must be a multiple of 1 GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-boot\-disk\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_BOOT_DISK_TYPE\fR
The type of the boot disk. The value must be \f5\fIpd\-standard\fR\fR or
\f5\fIpd\-ssd\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine to use for workers. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR, \fB\-z\fR \fIZONE\fR
The compute zone (e.g. us\-central1\-a) for the cluster. If empty and \-\-region
is set to a value other than \f5global\fR, the server will pick a zone in the
region. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the cluster. The 'Compute Engine Service Agent' service account
must hold permission 'Cloud KMS CryptoKey Encrypter/Decrypter'. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\-keyring\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\-location\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gce\-pd\-kms\-key\-project\fR=\fIGCE_PD_KMS_KEY_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\fR=\fIIMAGE\fR
The full custom image URI or the custom image name that will be used to create a
cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-image\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
The image version to use for the cluster. Defaults to the latest version.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The Compute Engine network that the VM instances of the cluster will be part of.
This is mutually exclusive with \-\-subnet. If neither is specified, this
defaults to the "default" network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Specifies the subnet that the cluster will be part of. This is mutally exclusive
with \-\-network.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-single\-node\fR
Create a single node cluster.

A single node cluster has all master and worker components. It cannot have any
separate worker nodes. If this flag is not specified, a cluster with separate
workers is created.

.TP 2m

Multi\-node cluster flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-preemptible\-workers\fR=\fINUM_PREEMPTIBLE_WORKERS\fR
The number of preemptible worker nodes in the cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR
The number of worker nodes in the cluster. Defaults to server\-specified.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a cluster, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc clusters create my_cluster
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataproc clusters create
.RE

