
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_GET\-SERIAL\-PORT\-OUTPUT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances get\-serial\-port\-output \- read output from a virtual machine instance's serial port



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances get\-serial\-port\-output\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha compute instances get\-serial\-port\-output is used
to get the output from a Google Compute Engine virtual machine's serial port.
The serial port output from the virtual machine will be printed to standard
output. This information can be useful for diagnostic purposes.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
Instances can support up to four serial port outputs, numbered 1 through 4. By
default, this command will return the output of the first serial port. Setting
this flag will return the output of the requested serial port.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\fR=\fISTART\fR
Specifies the byte index (zero\-based) of the first byte you want returned. Use
this flag if you want to continue getting the output from a previous request
that was too long to return in one attempt. The last byte returned in a request
will be reported on STDERR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances get\-serial\-port\-output
$ gcloud beta compute instances get\-serial\-port\-output
.RE

