
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ARTIFACTS_REPOSITORIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta artifacts repositories delete \- delete an Artifact Registry repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta artifacts repositories delete\fR (\fIREPOSITORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an Artifact Registry repository. Before you delete a
repository, ensure that any active dependencies on this repository are adjusted
to use a new location.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The specified repository does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to delete repositories.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Artifact Registry repository to delete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [repository] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the repository. Overrides the default artifacts/location property
value for this command invocation. To configure the default location, use the
command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBartifactregistry/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete repository named \f5my\-repo\fR under the current project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories delete my\-repo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts repositories delete
.RE

