
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_ACK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions ack \- acknowledges one or more messages on the specified subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions ack\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fIACK_ID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Acknowledges one or more messages as having been successfully
received. If a delivered message is not acknowledged within the Subscription's
ack deadline, Cloud Pub/Sub will attempt to deliver it again.

To automatically acknowledge messages when pulling from a Subscription, you can
use the \f5\-\-auto\-ack\fR flag on \f5gcloud pubsub subscriptions pull\fR.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to ACK messages on. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
[\fIACK_ID\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) One or more ACK_ID to acknowledge.

Positional argument \f5ACK_ID\fR is deprecated. Please use \f5\-\-ack\-ids\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]
One or more ACK_ID to acknowledge.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions ack
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions ack
.RE

