
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN_SSH\-KEYS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys describe \- describe an SSH Public Key from an OS Login Profile



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys describe\fR (\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys describe\fR accepts
either a string containing an SSH Public Key or a filename for an SSH Public key
and displays that key from the user's OS Login Profile. The key value used can
either be the full SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint for that key.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The SSH public key to describe from the OS Login Profile. Key value can either
be the SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\-file\fR=\fIKEY_FILE\fR
The path to a file containing an SSH public key to describe from the OS Login
Profile. Key value can either be the SSH key or the OS Login fingerprint of the
key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show all of the information for the key stored in your OS Login profile that
matches the key in \f5/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa.pub\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys describe \e
    \-\-key\-file=/home/user/.ssh/id_rsa.pub
.RE

To show all of the information about the key with a fingerprint of
\'e0d96d6fad35a61a0577f467940509b5aa08b6dea8d99456ec19a6e47126bc52', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-login ssh\-keys describe \e
    \-\-key='e0d96d6fad35a61a0577f467940509b5aa08b6dea8d99456ec19a6e47\e
126bc52'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login ssh\-keys describe
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-login ssh\-keys describe
.RE

