
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_COMMITMENTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute commitments create \- create Google Compute Engine commitments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute commitments create\fR \fICOMMITMENT\fR \fB\-\-plan\fR=\fIPLAN\fR \fB\-\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCE\fR=\fICOMMITMENT\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine commitments.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICOMMITMENT\fR
The name of the commitment to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-plan\fR=\fIPLAN\fR
Duration of the commitment. \fIPLAN\fR must be one of: \fB12\-month\fR,
\fB36\-month\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCE\fR=\fICOMMITMENT\fR,...]
Resources to be included in the commitment commitment:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
MEMORY should include unit (eg. 3072MB or 9GB). If no units are specified, GB is
assumed.
.IP "\(em" 2m
VCPU is number of commited cores.
.RE
.RE
.sp
Ratio between number of VCPU cores and memory must conform to limits described
on:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/creating\-instance\-with\-custom\-machine\-type



.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the commitment to create. If not specified, you will be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute commitments create
$ gcloud alpha compute commitments create
.RE

