
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_TABLES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq tables delete \- delete a BigQuery table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq tables delete\fR (\fITABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a BigQuery table.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The BigQuery table you want to delete. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [table] on the command line
with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command
line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a table with ID \f5my\-table\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables delete  my\-table
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

