
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES_POLICY\-TAGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags describe \- describe a Policy Tag Manager Policy tag



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags describe\fR (\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Policy Tag Manager Policy tag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy tag resource \- Policy tag to describe. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [policy_tag] on the command line with
a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_TAG\fR
ID of the policy tag or fully qualified identifier for the policy tag. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the policy tag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-taxonomy\fR=\fITAXONOMY\fR
Taxonomy of the policy tag.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the Policy Tag 'POLICY_TAG' in the taxonomy 'TAXONOMY', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags describe \e
    POLICY_TAG \-\-taxonomy='TAXONOMY' \-\-location='LOCATION'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies policy\-tags describe
.RE

