
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_HUB" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container hub \- centrally manage features and services on all your Kubernetes clusters with Hub



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container hub\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The command group to register GKE or other Kubernetes clusters
running in a variety of environments, including Google cloud, on premises in
customer datacenters, or other third party clouds with Hub. Hub provides a
centralized control\-plane to managed features and services on all registered
clusters.

A registered cluster is always associated with a Membership, a resource within
Hub.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfig\-management\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Config Management Feature.

.TP 2m
\fBfeatures\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List enabled features for all your GKE and other Kubernetes
clusters registered with Hub.

.TP 2m
\fBingress\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage MultiClusterIngress Feature.

.TP 2m
\fBmemberships\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes cluster
with HUB.

.TP 2m
\fBmulti\-cluster\-services\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage MultiClusterServiceDiscovery Feature.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes clusters with Hub:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub memberships \-\-help
.RE

Manage Config Management feature on all memberships:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub config\-management \-\-help
.RE

Manage MultiClusterIngress feature on all memberships:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub ingress \-\-help
.RE

Manage MultiClusterServices feature on all memberships:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container hub multi\-cluster\-services \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub
$ gcloud beta container hub
.RE

