
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_NOTEBOOKS_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta notebooks instances \- notebooks Instances command group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta notebooks instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Notebooks Instances command group.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for creating an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for deleting instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for describing instances.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get IAM policy for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for listing instances.

.TP 2m
\fBregister\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for registering instances.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for resetting instances.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for an Instance.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for starting instances.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for stoping instances.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Request for updating instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances
.RE

