
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_IMAGES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision product\-search images create \- create a reference image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision product\-search images create\fR (\fIREFERENCE_IMAGE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-product\fR=\fIPRODUCT\fR) \fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fISTORAGE_LOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-bounding\-polygon\fR=[\fInormalized\-vertices\fR=\fINORMALIZED\-VERTICES\fR],[\fIvertices\fR=\fIVERTICES\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR create a reference image.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Reference image resource \- Reference image to create. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [reference_image] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREFERENCE_IMAGE\fR
ID of the reference image or fully qualified identifier for the reference image.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of reference image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\fR=\fIPRODUCT\fR
The ID of product.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fISTORAGE_LOCATION\fR
The Google Cloud Storage URI of the reference image. The URI must start with
\'gs://'.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bounding\-polygon\fR=[\fInormalized\-vertices\fR=\fINORMALIZED\-VERTICES\fR],[\fIvertices\fR=\fIVERTICES\fR]
Bounding polygon around the areas of interest in the reference image. If this
field is empty, the system will try to detect regions of interest. This flag is
repeatable to specify multiple bounding polygons. At most 10 bounding polygons
will be used.

A bounding polygon can be specified by a list of vertices or normalized vertices
or both. A vertex (x, y) represents a 2D point in the image. x, y are integers
and are in the same scale as the original image. The normalized vertex
coordinates are relative to original image and range from 0 to 1.

Because of the complexity of this flag, it should be specified with the
\f5\-\-flags\-file\fR. See $ gcloud topic flags\-file for details. See the
examples section for how to use \f5\-\-bounding\-polygon\fR in
\f5\-\-flags\-file\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a reference image 'my\-image' in product 'my\-product' in the location
\'us\-east1' from image of 'gs://my\-bucket/image.jpg' with two bounding
polygons, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search images create my\-image \e
    \-\-location=my\-location \-\-product=my\-product \e
    \-\-storage\-location=gs://my\-bucket/image.jpg \e
    \-\-flags\-file=my\-flags.yaml
.RE

The content of 'my\-flags.yaml' is as following:

.RS 2m
\- \-\-bounding\-polygon:
    vertices:
      \- {x: 0, y: 0}
      \- {x: 0, y: 10}
      \- {x: 10, y: 0}
      \- {x: 10, y: 10}
\- \-\-bounding\-polygon:
    normalized\-vertices:
      \- {x: 0.8, y: 0.8}
      \- {x: 0.8, y: 1}
      \- {x: 1, y: 0.8}
      \- {x: 1, y: 1}
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search images create
.RE

