
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_FORWARDING\-RULES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules import \- import a forwarding rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute forwarding\-rules import\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR If the specified forwarding rule already exists, it will be
overwritten. Otherwise, a new forwarding rule will be created. To edit a
forwarding rule you can export the forwarding rule to a file, edit its
configuration, and then import the new configuration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the forwarding rule to import.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
Path to a YAML file containing forwarding rule configuration export data. The
YAML file must not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit
this flag to read from standard input. A schema describing the export/import
format can be found in:
$CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/alpha/ForwardingRule.yaml.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the forwarding rule is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the forwarding rule to import. If not specified, you may be prompted
to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

