
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAP_OAUTH\-BRANDS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iap oauth\-brands create \- create a Cloud OAuth brand for the project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iap oauth\-brands create\fR \fB\-\-application_title\fR=\fIAPPLICATION_TITLE\fR \fB\-\-support_email\fR=\fISUPPORT_EMAIL\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha iap oauth\-brands create\fR is used to create a
Cloud OAuth brand for the project. The brand is 'internal only', meaning OAuth
clients created under it only accept requests from users who belong to the same
G Suite account as the project. The brand is created in unreviewed status. Your
domain will not appear on the OAuth consent screen until it is reviewed after
you manually start a review process in Google Cloud Platform Console. Note that
the 'internal only' setting can be manually changed in Google Cloud Platform
Console (https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials/consent). A project
can only have one brand.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-application_title\fR=\fIAPPLICATION_TITLE\fR
Application name displayed on the OAuth consent screen.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-support_email\fR=\fISUPPORT_EMAIL\fR
Support email displayed on the OAuth consent screen.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBiap/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iap



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

