
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_COPY\-RULES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules \- replace the rules of a Google Compute Engine organization security policy with rules from another policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules\fR \fISECURITY_POLICY\fR \fB\-\-source\-security\-policy\fR=\fISOURCE_SECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules\fR is
used to replace the rules of organization security policies. An.RS 2m
organization security policy is a set of rules that controls access to
various resources.

.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name or ID of the security policy to copy the rules to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-security\-policy\fR=\fISOURCE_SECURITY_POLICY\fR
The URL of the source security policy to copy the rules from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization in which the organization security policy to copy the rules to.
Must be set if security\-policy is display name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To copy the rules of an organization security policy with ID ``123456789", from
another organization security policy with ID ``987654321", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules copy\-rules \e
    123456789 \-\-source\-security\-policy=987654321
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies copy\-rules
.RE

