
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_MODIFY\-PUSH\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config \- modifies the push configuration of a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR [\fB\-\-push\-auth\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-push\-auth\-token\-audience\fR=\fIOPTIONAL_AUDIENCE_OVERRIDE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Modifies the push configuration of a Cloud Pub/Sub subscription.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- Name of the subscription to modify. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[subscription] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-endpoint\fR=\fIPUSH_ENDPOINT\fR
A URL to use as the endpoint for this subscription. This will also automatically
set the subscription type to PUSH.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-auth\-service\-account\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR
Service account email used as the identity for the generated Open ID Connect
token for authenticated push.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-push\-auth\-token\-audience\fR=\fIOPTIONAL_AUDIENCE_OVERRIDE\fR
Audience used in the generated Open ID Connect token for authenticated push. If
not specified, it will be set to the push\-endpoint.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-push\-config
.RE

