
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_HUB_MEMBERSHIPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container hub memberships \- manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes cluster with HUB



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container hub memberships\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage memberships of all your GKE and other Kubernetes cluster
with HUB.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a membership.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a membership.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List memberships.

.TP 2m
\fBregister\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Register a cluster with Hub.

.TP 2m
\fBunregister\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Unregister a cluster from Hub.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a membership.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container hub memberships
$ gcloud beta container hub memberships
.RE

