
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSURED_WORKLOADS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta assured workloads delete \- delete Assured Workloads environment



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta assured workloads delete\fR (\fIWORKLOAD\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a given Assured Workloads environment.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workload resource \- The Assured Workloads environment resource to delete. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKLOAD\fR
ID of the workload or fully qualified identifier for the workload. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location for the workload.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The parent organization for the workload.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIETAG\fR
The etag acquired by reading the Assured Workloads environment or AW "resource".


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an Assured Workload environment in the us\-central1 region, belonging
to an organization with ID 123, with workload ID 456 and an etag of 789, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta assured workloads delete \e
    organizations/123/locations/us\-central1/workloads/456 \-\-etag=789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha assured workloads delete
.RE

