
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_DISKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute disks \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute disks\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine disks.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-labels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add labels to Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-resource\-policies\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add resource policies to a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine disks.

.TP 2m
\fBmove\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Move a disk between zones.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-labels\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove labels from Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-resource\-policies\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove resource policies from a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBresize\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Resize a disk or disks.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine disk.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshot\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create snapshots of Google Compute Engine persistent disks.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine persistent disk.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks
$ gcloud alpha compute disks
.RE

