
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRY\-GROUPS_GET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups get\-iam\-policy \- get the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog entry group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups get\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups get\-iam\-policy\fR
displays the IAM policy associated with a Cloud Data Catalog entry group. If
formatted as JSON, the output can be edited and used as a policy file for
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR. The output includes an "etag" field identifying the
version emitted and allowing detection of concurrent policy updates; see $
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups set\-iam\-policy for additional
details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry group resource \- Entry group for which to display the IAM policy. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [entry_group]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
ID of the entry group or fully qualified identifier for the entry group. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry group.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the IAM policy for entry group 'group1' in 'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups get\-iam\-policy \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 group1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entry\-groups get\-iam\-policy
.RE

