
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_INTENTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow intents delete \- delete a Dialogflow intent



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow intents delete\fR \fIINTENT\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Dialogflow intent.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Intent resource \- Intent to delete. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [intent] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINTENT\fR
ID of the intent or fully qualified identifier for the intent.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an intent:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow intents delete \e
    12345678\-1234\-1234\-1234\-1234567890ab
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

