
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed \- read and manipulate Compute Engine managed instance groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine managed instance groups.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstance\-configs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage instance\-specific settings of managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBrolling\-action\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manipulate rolling actions on Compute Engine managed instance
groups.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBabandon\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Abandon instances owned by a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-instance\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new virtual machine instance in a managed instance group
with a defined name and optionally its stateful configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete instances managed by managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display detailed information about an instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\-instance\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an instance in a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists the named ports for an instance group resource.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-errors\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List errors produced by managed instances in a managed instance
group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List instances present in the managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBrecreate\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Recreate instances managed by a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBresize\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set managed instance group size.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-autohealing\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Set autohealing policy for managed instance
group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-instance\-template\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set instance template for managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-named\-ports\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the list of named ports for an instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-target\-pools\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set target pools of managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBstop\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Stop autoscaling a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Compute Engine managed instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-autoscaling\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update autoscaling parameters of a managed instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Immediately update selected instances in a Compute Engine managed
instance group.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\-until\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Wait until the managed instance group reaches the desired state.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\-until\-stable\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Waits until state of managed instance group is
stable.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed
.RE

