
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_DATASETS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq datasets create \- create a new BigQuery dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq datasets create\fR \fIDATASET\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-overwrite\fR] [\fB\-\-permissions\-file\fR=[\fIPERMISSIONS_FILE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new BigQuery dataset.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dataset resource \- ID of the the dataset being created. The ID must contain
only letters (a\-z, A\-Z), numbers (0\-9), or underscores ( _ ). The maximum
length is 1,024 characters. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dataset] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATASET\fR
ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-overwrite\fR
Overwrite if the resource already exists.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-permissions\-file\fR=[\fIPERMISSIONS_FILE\fR,...]
A local yaml or JSON file containing the access permissions specifying who is
allowed to access the data.

YamlfFile should be specified the form:\e access:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
role: ROLE [access type]: ACCESS_VALUE
.IP "\(em" 2m
...

.RE
.RE
.sp
and JSON file should be specified in the form: {"access": [.RS 2m
{
 "role": "ROLE",
 "[access type]": "ACCESS_VALUE"
},
 ... ]}
.RE

Where \f5access type\fR is one of: \f5domain\fR, \f5userByEmail\fR,
\f5specialGroup\fR or \f5view\fR.

If this field is not specified, BigQuery adds these default dataset access
permissions at creation time in :
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
specialGroup=projectReaders, role=READER
.IP "\(bu" 2m
specialGroup=projectWriters, role=WRITER
.IP "\(bu" 2m
specialGroup=projectOwners, role=OWNER
.IP "\(bu" 2m
userByEmail=[dataset creator email], role=OWNER

.RE
.sp
For more information on BigQuery permissions see:
https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/access\-control



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a dataset with ID \f5my\-dataset\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq datasets create  my\-dataset \e
    \-\-description 'My New Dataset'
.RE

The following command creates a dataset with ID \f5my\-other\-dataset\fR,
overwritting destination if it exists:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq datasets create  my\-other\-dataset \e
    \-\-description 'My Other Dataset' \-\-if\-exists 'overwrite'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

