
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_ADD\-RESOURCE\-POLICIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute instances add\-resource\-policies \- add resource policies to Compute Engine VM instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute instances add\-resource\-policies\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR \fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute instances add\-resource\-policies\fR adds resource policies to
Compute Engine virtual instances. These policies define time windows in which
live migrations take place.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
Name of the instance to add resource policies to. For details on valid instance
names, refer to the criteria documented under the field 'name' at:
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/instances


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-policies\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_POLICY\fR,...]
A list of resource policy names to be added to the instance. The policies must
exist in the same region as the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to add resource policies to. If not specified, the user may
be prompted to select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by
searching for resources in the user's project. If the zone cannot be determined,
the user will then be prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, the user can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add resource policy \f5\fIpol1\fR\fR to instance \f5\fIinst1\fR\fR, run this:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances add\-resource\-policies inst1 \e
    \-\-resource\-policies=pol1
.RE

For information on how to create resource policies, see:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute resource\-policies create \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances add\-resource\-policies
$ gcloud beta compute instances add\-resource\-policies
.RE

