
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies describe \- describe a Compute Engine organization security policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies describe\fR \fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies describe\fR is
used to describe organization security policies. An organization security policy
is a set of rules that controls access to various resources.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name or ID of the security policy to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization in which the organization security policy is to be described. Must
be set if SECURITY_POLICY is display name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an organization security policy with ID ``123456789", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies describe describe \e
    123456789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies describe
.RE

