
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EMULATORS_PUBSUB" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta emulators pubsub \- manage your local pubsub emulator



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta emulators pubsub\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This set of commands allows you to start and use a local Pub/Sub
emulator to produce a local emulation of your production Google Pub/Sub
environment. In addition to having Java JRE (of version 7 or higher) installed
and an application built with Google Cloud Client libraries, you must have your
emulator configured (have it started with environment variables set) for it to
run successfully. The underlying commands help to set up this configuration.

To stop the emulator, press Ctrl+C.

For a more comprehensive overview of Pub/Sub, see
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/overview. For Pub/Sub emulator specific
documentation, see https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/emulator



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR
The directory to be used to store/retrieve data/config for an emulator run. The
default value is \f5<USER_CONFIG_DIR>/emulators/pubsub\fR. The value of
USER_CONFIG_DIR can be found by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='get(config.paths.global_config_dir)'
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBenv\-init\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Print the commands required to export pubsub emulator's env
variables.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Start a local pubsub emulator.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a local pubsub emulator with the default directory for configuration
data, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators pubsub start
.RE

After starting the emulator, if your application and emulator run on the same
machine, set environment variables automatically by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators pubsub env\-init
.RE

If you're running your emulator on a different machine, run the above command
and use its resulting output to set the environment variables on the machine
that runs your application. This might look like:

.RS 2m
$ export PUBSUB_EMULATOR_HOST=localhost:8538
$ export PUBSUB_PROJECT_ID=my\-project\-id
.RE

Your emulator is now ready for use.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha emulators pubsub
.RE

