
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ROUTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute routers \- list, create, and delete Compute Engine routers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute routers\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Cloud Routers.

For more information about Cloud Routers, see the Cloud Router documentation
(https://cloud.google.com//network\-connectivity/docs/router/concepts/overview).

See also: Routers API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/routers).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnats\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, describe, and delete Cloud NAT.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-bgp\-peer\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a BGP peer to a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-interface\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an interface to a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine routers.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-nat\-mapping\-info\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display NAT Mapping information in a router.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-status\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get status of a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Google Compute Engine routers.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-bgp\-peer\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove a BGP peer from a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-interface\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an interface from a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-bgp\-peer\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a BGP peer on a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-interface\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an interface on a Google Compute Engine router.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers
$ gcloud beta compute routers
.RE

