
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta debug snapshots delete \- delete debug snapshots for a Cloud Debugger debug target (debuggee)



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta debug snapshots delete\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\-users\fR] [\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta debug snapshots delete\fR is used to delete
snapshots from a Cloud Debugger debug target (debuggee). It will ask for
confirmation before deleting any snapshots. To suppress confirmation, use the
global \-\-quiet option.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more snapshot resource identifiers. The specified snapshots will be
deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-users\fR
If set, matching snapshots from all users will be deleted, rather than only
snapshots created by the current user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR
If set, also delete snapshots which have been completed. By default, only
pending snapshots will be deleted.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against snapshot locations. All snapshots matching
this value will be deleted. You may specify \-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud beta debug snapshots delete \e
    \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:4
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete all active snapshots created by the current user of the debug target
(debuggee), without being prompted for confirmation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots delete \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \-\-quiet
.RE

To delete all active and inactive snapshots created by all users of the debug
target (debuggee), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots delete \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \e
    \-\-all\-users \-\-include\-inactive
.RE

To delete the debug snapshots with IDs 'ID1' and 'ID2' (where ID1 and ID2 were
each created by different users) of the debug target (debuggee), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots delete ID1 ID2 \e
    \-\-target=<debuggee_id> \-\-all\-users
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots delete
.RE

