
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_SET\-NAMED\-PORTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports \- sets the list of named ports for an instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-named\-ports\fR=[\fINAME\fR:\fIPORT\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Named ports are key:value pairs metadata representing the service
name and the port that it's running on. Named ports can be assigned to an
instance group, which indicates that the service is available on all instances
in the group. This information is used by the HTTP Load Balancing service.

\fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports\fR sets the
list of named ports for all instances in an instance group.

Note: Running this command will clear all existing named ports.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-named\-ports\fR=[\fINAME\fR:\fIPORT\fR,...]
The comma\-separated list of key:value pairs representing the service name and
the port that it is running on.

To clear the list of named ports pass empty list as flag value. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-named\-ports ""
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

For example, to apply the named ports to an entire instance group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-named\-ports example\-service:1111 \e
    \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE

The above example will assign a name 'example\-service' for port 1111 to the
instance group called 'example\-instance\-group' in the
\f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR zone. The command removes any named ports that are
already set for this instance group.

To clear named ports from instance group provide empty named ports list as
parameter:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports \e
    example\-instance\-group \-\-named\-ports "" \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed set\-named\-ports
.RE

