
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_INSTANCES_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore instances restore \- restore a Cloud Filestore instance from a snapshot or backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore instances restore\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR (\fB\-\-source\-backup\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP\fR\ \fB\-\-source\-backup\-region\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP_REGION\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-source\-snapshot\-region\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT_REGION\fR]) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restore an existing Cloud Filestore instance from an existing
snapshot or backup.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Filestore instance to
restore. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the Filestore instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=\fIFILE_SHARE\fR
File share to restore from the snapshot or backup.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

The name and region of the Filestore backup to restore from.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-backup\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP\fR
Name of the Filestore backup to restore from. This flag must be specified if any
of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-backup\-region\fR=\fISOURCE_BACKUP_REGION\fR
Region of the Filestore backup to restore from. This flag must be specified if
any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

The name and region of the Filestore snapshot to restore from.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT\fR
Name of the Filestore snapshot to restore from. This flag must be specified if
any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-snapshot\-region\fR=\fISOURCE_SNAPSHOT_REGION\fR
Region of the Filestore snapshot to restore from. If unspecified, it is assumed
that the Filestore snapshot is local.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfile/v1p1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore instances restore
.RE

