
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAXONOMIES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies \- manage taxonomies in Cloud Data Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog taxonomies\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage taxonomies in Cloud Data Catalog.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpolicy\-tags\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage policy tags in Cloud Data Catalog.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Policy Tag Taxonomy.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Policy Tag Taxonomy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a list of taxonomies from a certain project.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Policy Tag Taxonomy.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a file with serialized taxonomies to a certain project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Policy Tag Taxonomies.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a policy tag taxonomy.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Policy Tag taxonomy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog taxonomies
.RE

