
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_CONSENT\-STORES_EVALUATE\-USER\-CONSENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare consent\-stores evaluate\-user\-consents \- check the consents for a particular user's data



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare consent\-stores evaluate\-user\-consents\fR (\fICONSENT_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-user\-id\fR=\fIUSER_ID\fR [\fB\-\-consent\-list\fR=[\fICONSENT_LIST\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-request\-attributes\fR=[\fIREQUEST_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-resource\-attributes\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-response\-view\fR=\fIRESPONSE_VIEW\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Check if each matching user data mapping in the given Cloud
Healthcare API consent store is consented for a given use.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

ConsentStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API consent store where the requested
data is stored. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [consent_store] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONSENT_STORE\fR
ID of the consentStore or fully qualified identifier for the consentStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-id\fR=\fIUSER_ID\fR
The unique identifier of the user to evaluate consents for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-consent\-list\fR=[\fICONSENT_LIST\fR,...]
List of user consents to evaluate the access request against. They must have the
same user_id as the data to check access for, exist in the current
consent_store, and have a state of either ACTIVE or DRAFT. A maximum of 100
consents can be provided here.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Limit on the number of user data mappings to return in a single response. If
zero the default page size of 100 is used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
Token to retrieve the next page of results.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\-attributes\fR=[\fIREQUEST_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of request attributes associated with this access request.
Each attribute has the form "KEY=VALUE".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resource\-attributes\fR=[\fIRESOURCE_ATTRIBUTES\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource attributes associated with this access
request. Each attribute has the form "KEY=VALUE". If no values are specified,
then all data types are queried.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\-view\fR=\fIRESPONSE_VIEW\fR
The requested view of information provided in the response (BASIC or FULL).
\fIRESPONSE_VIEW\fR must be one of: \fBbasic\fR, \fBfull\fR,
\fBresponse\-view\-unspecified\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To check if the data for user 'test\-user\-id' in the consent\-store
\'test\-consent\-store' can be used given request attributes
{"organization":"admins", "use_case":"research"}, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare consent\-stores evaluate\-user\-consents \e
    test\-consent\-store \-\-user\-id=test\-user\-id \e
    \-\-request\-attributes=organization=admins,use_case=research \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare consent\-stores evaluate\-user\-consents
.RE

