
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_COMMITMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute commitments \- manage Compute Engine commitments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute commitments\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Compute Engine commitments.

For more information about commitments, see the commitments documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/instances/signing\-up\-committed\-use\-discounts).

See also: Commitments API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/regionCommitments).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Compute Engine commitments.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-license\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Compute Engine license\-based commitments.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine commitment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Compute Engine commitments.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-reservations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the resource shape of reservations within the commitment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute commitments
$ gcloud beta compute commitments
.RE

