
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding of a subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from the IAM policy of a Cloud
Pub/Sub Subscription. One binding consists of a member, a role, and an optional
condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Subscription resource \- The subscription to remove the IAM policy binding from.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [subscription] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
ID of the subscription or fully qualified identifier for the subscription.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all bindings with this role and member, irrespective of any conditions.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

Condition of the binding to be removed. When condition is explicitly specified
as \f5None\fR (e.g. \-\-condition=None), it matches a binding without a
condition. Otherwise, only the binding with a condition which exactly matches
the specified condition (including the optional description) will be removed.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) Title for the expression, i.e. a short string describing its purpose.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Description for the expression. This is a longer text which describes
the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBpubsub/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with subscription 'my\-subscription', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-subscription \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

The following command will remove an IAM policy binding for the role of
\'roles/editor' from all authenticated users on subscription 'my\-subscription':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-subscription \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \e
    \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2018 for
the role of 'roles/pubsub.subscriber' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with
subscription 'my\-subscription', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-subscription \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/pubsub.subscriber' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

