
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATASTORE_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta datastore export \- export Cloud Datastore entities to Google Cloud Storage



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta datastore export\fR \fIOUTPUT_URL_PREFIX\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-kinds\fR=[\fIKIND\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-namespaces\fR=[\fINAMESPACE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-operation\-labels\fR=[\fIOPERATION_LABEL\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Export a copy of all or a subset of entities from Google Cloud
Datastore to another storage system, such as Google Cloud Storage. Recent
updates to entities may not be reflected in the export. The export occurs in the
background and its progress can be monitored and managed via the operation
commands. The output of an export may only be used once the operation has
completed. If an export operation is cancelled before completion then it may
leave partial data behind in Google Cloud Storage.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOUTPUT_URL_PREFIX\fR
Location for the export metadata and data files. Must be a valid Google Cloud
Storage bucket with an optional path prefix. For example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta datastore export gs://mybucket/my/path
.RE

Will place the export in the \f5mybucket\fR bucket in objects prefixed with
\f5my/path\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kinds\fR=[\fIKIND\fR,...]
A list specifying what kinds will be included in the operation. When omitted,
all Kinds are included. For example, to operate on only the 'Customer' and
\'Order' Kinds:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta datastore export \-\-kinds='Customer','Order'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespaces\fR=[\fINAMESPACE\fR,...]
A list specifying what namespaces will be included in the operation. When
omitted, all namespaces are included in the operation, including the default
namespace. To specify that \fBonly\fR the default namespace should be operated
on, use the special symbol '(default)'. For example, to operate on entities from
both the 'customers' and default namespaces:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta datastore export \-\-namespaces='(default)','customers'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-operation\-labels\fR=[\fIOPERATION_LABEL\fR,...]
A string:string map of custom labels to associate with this operation. For
example:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta datastore export \e
    \-\-operation\-labels=comment='customer orders','sales rep'=pending
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud datastore export
$ gcloud alpha datastore export
.RE

