
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute target\-pools \- control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute target\-pools\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Control Compute Engine target pools for Network Load Balancing.

For more information about target pools, see the target pools documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/target\-pools).

See also: Target pools API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/targetPools).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-health\-checks\fR
Add a legacy HTTP health check to a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-instances\fR
Add instances to a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Define a load\-balanced pool of virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete target pools.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a Compute Engine target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-health\fR
Get the health of instances in a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine target pools.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-health\-checks\fR
Remove an HTTP health check from a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-instances\fR
Remove instances from a target pool.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-backup\fR
Set a backup pool for a target pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute target\-pools
$ gcloud beta compute target\-pools
.RE

