
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute \- create and manipulate Compute Engine resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud compute command group lets you create, configure, and
manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine (VM) instances.

With Compute Engine, you can create and run VMs on Google's infrastructure.
Compute Engine offers scale, performance, and value that lets you launch large
compute clusters on Google's infrastructure.

For more information about Compute Engine, see the Compute Engine overview
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/) and the Compute Engine user documentation
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccelerator\-types\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Compute Engine accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fBaddresses\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine addresses.

.TP 2m
\fBbackend\-buckets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate backend buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBbackend\-services\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete backend services.

.TP 2m
\fBcommitments\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Compute Engine commitments.

.TP 2m
\fBdiagnose\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Debugging tools for Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBdisk\-types\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Compute Engine virtual disk types.

.TP 2m
\fBdisks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine disks.

.TP 2m
\fBexternal\-vpn\-gateways\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, delete and update External VPN Gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBfirewall\-rules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, update, and delete Google Compute Engine firewall
rules.

.TP 2m
\fBforwarding\-rules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate traffic forwarding rules to network load
balancers.

.TP 2m
\fBhealth\-checks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate health checks for load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBhttp\-health\-checks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate HTTP health checks for load balanced
instances.

.TP 2m
\fBhttps\-health\-checks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate HTTPS health checks for load balanced
instances.

.TP 2m
\fBimages\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Compute Engine images.

.TP 2m
\fBinstance\-groups\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine instance groups.

.TP 2m
\fBinstance\-templates\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine instances templates.

.TP 2m
\fBinstances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual machine instances.

.TP 2m
\fBinterconnects\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnects.

.TP 2m
\fBmachine\-images\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manage Compute Engine machine image resources.

.TP 2m
\fBmachine\-types\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Google Compute Engine virtual machine types.

.TP 2m
\fBnetwork\-endpoint\-groups\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine network endpoint groups.

.TP 2m
\fBnetworks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Compute Engine networks.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine operations.

.TP 2m
\fBorg\-security\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Compute Engine organization security policies.

.TP 2m
\fBos\-config\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage OS Config tasks for Compute Engine VM instances.

.TP 2m
\fBos\-login\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manipulate Compute Engine OS Login resources.

.TP 2m
\fBpacket\-mirrorings\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Compute Engine packet mirroring resources.

.TP 2m
\fBproject\-info\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate project\-level data like quotas and metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBpublic\-advertised\-prefixes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage public advertised prefix resources.

.TP 2m
\fBpublic\-delegated\-prefixes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage public delegated prefix resources.

.TP 2m
\fBregions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Compute Engine regions.

.TP 2m
\fBreservations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Compute Engine reservations.

.TP 2m
\fBresource\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Compute Engine Resource Policies.

.TP 2m
\fBrouters\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Compute Engine routers.

.TP 2m
\fBroutes\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate routes.

.TP 2m
\fBsecurity\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Cloud Armor security policies.

.TP 2m
\fBshared\-vpc\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure shared VPC.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshots\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, describe, and delete Compute Engine snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBsole\-tenancy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manage Compute Engine sole\-tenancy resources.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\-certificates\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Compute Engine SSL certificates.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\-policies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, delete and update Compute Engine SSL policies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-grpc\-proxies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Google Compute Engine target gRPC proxy resources.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-http\-proxies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete target HTTP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-https\-proxies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete target HTTPS proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-instances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine virtual target instances.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-pools\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Control Compute Engine target pools for network load balancing.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-ssl\-proxies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete target SSL proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-tcp\-proxies\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete target TCP proxies.

.TP 2m
\fBtarget\-vpn\-gateways\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate classic VPN gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBtpus\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete Cloud TPUs.

.TP 2m
\fBurl\-maps\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List, create, and delete URL maps.

.TP 2m
\fBvpn\-gateways\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR read and manipulate Highly Available VPN Gateways.

.TP 2m
\fBvpn\-tunnels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine VPN tunnels.

.TP 2m
\fBzones\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Compute Engine zones.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfig\-ssh\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Populate SSH config files with Host entries from each instance.

.TP 2m
\fBconnect\-to\-serial\-port\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Connect to the serial port of an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBcopy\-files\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine
virtual machines via scp.

.TP 2m
\fBreset\-windows\-password\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Reset and return a password for a Windows machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBscp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Copy files to and from Google Compute Engine virtual machines via
scp.

.TP 2m
\fBsign\-url\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sign specified URL for use with Cloud CDN Signed URLs.

.TP 2m
\fBssh\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR SSH into a virtual machine instance.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\-iap\-tunnel\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Starts an IAP TCP forwarding tunnel.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute
$ gcloud beta compute
.RE

