
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DNS_POLICIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dns policies update \- update an existing Cloud DNS policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dns policies update\fR \fIPOLICY\fR [\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORKS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-private\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an existing Cloud DNS policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The policy to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [policy] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY\fR
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]
List of alternative name servers to forward to. Non\-RFC1918 addresses will
forward to the target through the Internet.RFC1918 addresses will forward
through the VPC.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR
Specifies whether to allow networks bound to this policy to receive DNS queries
sent by VMs or applications over VPN connections. Defaults to False.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
Specifies whether to enable query logging. Defaults to False.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORKS\fR,...]
The comma separated list of network names to associate with the policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]
List of alternative name servers to forward to. All addresses specified for this
parameter will be reached through the VPC.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To change the description of a policy, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns policies update mypolicy \e
    \-\-description="Hello, world!"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns policies update
$ gcloud beta dns policies update
.RE

