
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DIALOGFLOW_ENTITY\-TYPES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types create \- create a Dialogflow entity type for the agent of the current project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types create\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-auto\-expand\fR] [\fB\-\-entities\fR=\fIENTITIES\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Dialogflow entity type for the agent of the current
project.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A human readable name for the entity type.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-expand\fR
Whether or not the entity type can be automatically expanded to idenitify
entities not explicitly included.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entities\fR=\fIENTITIES\fR
Comma separated list of entities, or a map of entities to synonyms.

If a list, the entities can contain references to other entity types (with or
without aliases).

To specify a map, set this flag with \f5\-\-flags\-file\fR as a map, where each
key is the canonical name and each value is a list of synonyms to map to the
canonical name. The canonical name must be explicitly included in the list of
synonyms. For more information on \f5\-\-flags\-file\fR, see \f5gcloud topics
flags\-file\fR.

For example, use \f5\-\-flags\-file=flags.yaml\fR, where \f5flags.yaml\fR
contains:

.RS 2m
\-\-entities:
  red:
  \- red
  \- cherry
  \- rose
  blue:
  \- blue
  \- azure
  \- cyan
.RE

For more information, see
https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow\-enterprise/docs/reference/rest/v2/Entity.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdialogflow/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/dialogflow/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an entity type with a display name and entities:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dialogflow entity\-types create \e
    \-\-display\-name="color" \-\-entities=red,blue
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

