
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PROJECTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta projects update \- update the name of a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta projects update\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR \fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update the name of the given project.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
There is no project with the given ID.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have Owner or Editor permissions for the given
project.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
ID for the project you want to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
New name for the project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates a project with the ID \f5example\-foo\-bar\-1\fR
to have the name "Foo Bar & Grill":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta projects update example\-foo\-bar\-1 \e
    \-\-name="Foo Bar & Grill"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects update
$ gcloud alpha projects update
.RE

