
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CERTIFICATE\-MANAGER_MAPS_ENTRIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries update \- update a certificate map entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries update\fR (\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-map\fR=\fIMAP\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-certificates\fR=[\fICERTIFICATES\fR,...]\ :\ \fB\-\-clear\-certificates\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command updates existing certificate map entry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate map entry resource \- The certificate map entry to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line with a fully
specified name; location is always global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the certificate map entry or fully qualified identifier for the
certificate map entry. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-map\fR=\fIMAP\fR
The certificate map for the certificate map entry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Text description of a certificate map entry.

.TP 2m

Arguments to update list of certificates attached to map entry. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Certificate resource \- The certificates to be attached to the entry. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [\-\-certificates] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. To set the [location] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-certificates] on the command line with a fully specified name; location is
always global.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-certificates\fR=[\fICERTIFICATES\fR,...]
IDs of the certificates or fully qualified identifiers for the certificates.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-certificates\fR
Removes all certificates from the entry


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries update \e
  \-\-clear\-labels \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a certificate map entry with name simple\-entry, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha certificate\-manager maps entries update \e
    simple\-entry \-\-map="simple\-map" \-\-description="desc"
\-\-update\-labels="key=value" \-\-certificates="simple\-cert"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

