
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_LANGUAGE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml language \- use the Google Cloud Natural Language API to analyze text



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml language\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR For more information, please see
https://cloud.google.com/natural\-language/.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBanalyze\-entities\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Google Cloud Natural Language API to identify entities in
text.

.TP 2m
\fBanalyze\-entity\-sentiment\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Google Cloud Natural Language API to identify entity\-level
sentiment.

.TP 2m
\fBanalyze\-sentiment\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Google Cloud Natural Language API to identify sentiments in a
text.

.TP 2m
\fBanalyze\-syntax\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Use Google Cloud Natural Language API to identify linguistic
information.

.TP 2m
\fBclassify\-text\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Classifies input document into categories.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml language
$ gcloud beta ml language
.RE

