
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_DATABASES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner databases create \- create a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner databases create\fR (\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR] [\fB\-\-ddl\-file\fR=\fIDDL_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database to create. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [database] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ddl\fR=\fIDDL\fR
Semi\-colon separated DDL (data definition language) statements to run inside
the newly created database. If there is an error in any statement, the database
is not created. Full DDL specification is at
https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/data\-definition\-language

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ddl\-file\fR=\fIDDL_FILE\fR
Path of a file that contains semi\-colon separated DDL (data definition
language) statements to run inside the newly created database. If there is an
error in any statement, the database is not created. Full DDL specification is
at https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/data\-definition\-language. If
\-\-ddl_file is set, \-\-ddl is ignored.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an empty Cloud Spanner database, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner databases create testdb \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id
.RE

To create a Cloud Spanner database with populated schema, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner databases create testdb \e
    \-\-instance=my\-instance\-id
    \-\-ddl='CREATE TABLE mytable (a INT64, b INT64) PRIMARY KEY(a)'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases create
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases create
.RE

