
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container \- deploy and manage clusters of machines for running containers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Deploy and manage clusters of machines for running containers.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbinauthz\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage attestations for Binary Authorization on Google Cloud
Platform.

.TP 2m
\fBclusters\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deploy and teardown Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBhub\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Centrally manage features and services on all your Kubernetes
clusters with Hub.

.TP 2m
\fBimages\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List and manipulate Google Container Registry images.

.TP 2m
\fBmemberships\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Manage Google Kubernetes Hub memberships.

.TP 2m
\fBnode\-pools\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and delete operations for Google Kubernetes Engine node
pools.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get and list operations for Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.

.TP 2m
\fBsubnets\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage subnets to be used by Google Kubernetes Engine clusters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBget\-server\-config\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get Kubernetes Engine server config.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container
$ gcloud alpha container
.RE

