
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products create \- create a product



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products create\fR (\fIPRODUCT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-category\fR=\fICATEGORY\fR \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-product\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a product.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Product resource \- The product to create. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [product] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT\fR
ID of the product or fully qualified identifier for the product. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of product.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-category\fR=\fICATEGORY\fR
The category for the product. After being set, it cannot be changed.
\fICATEGORY\fR must be one of: \fBapparel\fR, \fBhomegoods\fR, \fBtoys\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The display name of this product. It must not be empty and can be up to 4096
characters long.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this product. It can be up to 4096 characters long.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Labels that can be attached to the product. Labels are specified as key\-value
pairs. Multiple values can be assigned to the same key and one product may have
up to 100 product labels.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a product 'my\-product' in 'us\-east1' with category of 'toys' and
display name of 'favorite product', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products create my\-product \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-category=toys \e
    \-\-display\-name='favorite product'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search products create
.RE

