
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSET_GET\-HISTORY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta asset get\-history \- get the update history of assets that overlaps a time window



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta asset get\-history\fR \fB\-\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET_NAMES\fR,...] \fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR \fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR [\fB\-\-end\-time\fR=\fIEND_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Get the update history of assets that overlaps a time window.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-asset\-names\fR=[\fIASSET_NAMES\fR,...]
A list of full names of the assets to get the history for. See
https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names#full_resource_name for name
format.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-type\fR=\fICONTENT_TYPE\fR
Asset content type. Choices are \f5resource\fR, \f5iam\-policy\fR. Specifying
\f5resource\fR will export resource metadata, and specifying \f5iam\-policy\fR
will export IAM policy set on assets. \fICONTENT_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBresource\fR, \fBiam\-policy\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Start time of the time window (inclusive) for the asset history. Must be later
than 2018\-10\-02T00:00:00Z. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
time formats.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-end\-time\fR=\fIEND_TIME\fR
End time of the time window (exclusive) for the asset history. Defaults to
current time if not specified. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on
time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
The ID of the organization which is the root asset.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get the history of asset metadata for
\'//compute.googleapis.com/projects/test\-project/zones/us\-central1\-f/instances/instance1'
between '2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' and '2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset get\-history \-\-project='test\-project' \e
    \-\-asset\-names='//compute.googleapis.com/projects/test\-project/zo\e
nes/us\-central1\-f/instances/instance1' \e
    \-\-start\-time='2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' \e
    \-\-end\-time='2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z' \-\-content\-type='resource'
.RE

To get the history of asset iam policy for
\'//cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/10179387634' between
\'2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' and '2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z', and project
\'10179387634' is in organization '1060499660910', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset get\-history \-\-organization='1060499660910' \e
    \-\-asset\-names='//cloudresourcemanager.googleapis.com/projects/10\e
179387634' \-\-start\-time='2018\-10\-02T15:01:23.045Z' \e
    \-\-end\-time='2018\-12\-05T13:01:21.045Z' \e
    \-\-content\-type='iam\-policy'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset get\-history
$ gcloud alpha asset get\-history
.RE

