
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_WEB\-SECURITY\-SCANNER_SCAN\-RUNS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs describe \- describe a scan run



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs describe\fR (\fISCAN_RUN\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-scan\-config\fR=\fISCAN_CONFIG\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a scan run.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Scan run resource \- Scan run to describe. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [scan_run] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISCAN_RUN\fR
ID of the scan_run or fully qualified identifier for the scan_run. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-scan\-config\fR=\fISCAN_CONFIG\fR
The ID of a Scan Config.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBwebsecurityscanner/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/security\-command\-center/docs/concepts\-web\-security\-scanner\-overview/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following commands describe the given scan run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs describe SCAN_RUN \e
    \-\-scan\-config=SCAN_CONFIG
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-runs describe SCAN_RUN
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

