
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances \- manage Remote Build Execution Instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create, delete, list, and view instances for remote build
execution. Also manage per\-instance feature policies.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a Remote Build Execution instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a given instance and all contained worker pools.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\-feature\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes the feature policy for an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an instance.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List instances in given project.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-feature\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the feature policy for an instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

