
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_ADD\-HOST\-RULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule \- add a rule to a URL map to map hosts to a path matcher



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule\fR \fIURL_MAP\fR \fB\-\-hosts\fR=\fIHOST\fR,[\fIHOST\fR,...] \fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule\fR is used to add a mapping of hosts
to a patch matcher in a URL map. The mapping will match the host component of
HTTP requests to path matchers which in turn map the request to a backend
service. Before adding a host rule, at least one path matcher must exist in the
URL map to take care of the path component of the requests. \f5gcloud compute
url\-maps add\-path\-matcher\fR or \f5gcloud compute url\-maps edit\fR can be
used to add path matchers.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP\fR
Name of the URL map to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-hosts\fR=\fIHOST\fR,[\fIHOST\fR,...]
The set of hosts to match requests against. Each host must be a fully qualified
domain name (FQDN) with the exception that the host can begin with a ``*'' or
``*\-''. ``*'' acts as a glob and will match any string of atoms to the left
where an atom is separated by dots (``.'') or dashes (``\-'').

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\-matcher\-name\fR=\fIPATH_MATCHER_NAME\fR
The name of the patch matcher to use if a request matches this host rule. The
patch matcher must already exist in the URL map (see \f5gcloud compute url\-maps
add\-path\-matcher\fR).


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the host rule.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a host rule mapping the \f5*\-foo.example.com\fR and \f5example.com\fR
hosts to the \f5www\fR path matcher, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule MY\-URL\-MAP \e
    \-\-hosts='*\-foo.example.com,example.com' \-\-path\-matcher\-name=www
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps add\-host\-rule
.RE

