
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_ADD\-JOB_SPARK" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job spark \- add a Spark job to the workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job spark\fR  \fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR (\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-class\fR=\fIMAIN_CLASS\fR\ \fB\-\-jar\fR=\fIMAIN_JAR\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR] [\-\-\ \fIJOB_ARGS\fR\ ...]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Add a Spark job to the workflow template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\-\- \fIJOB_ARGS\fR ...]
Arguments to pass to the driver.

The '\-\-' argument must be specified between gcloud specific args on the left
and JOB_ARGS on the right.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-step\-id\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR
The step ID of the job in the workflow template.

.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to add job to. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-workflow\-template] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-workflow\-template\fR=\fIWORKFLOW_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region for the template. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes
an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Google
Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a
special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all
Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc
regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-archives\fR=[\fIARCHIVE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of archives to be provided to the job. must be one of the
following file formats: .zip, .tar, .tar.gz, or .tgz.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-driver\-log\-levels\fR=[\fIPACKAGE\fR=\fILEVEL\fR,...]
List of package to log4j log level pairs to configure driver logging. For
example: root=FATAL,com.example=INFO

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-files\fR=[\fIFILE\fR,...]
Comma separated list of files to be provided to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jars\fR=[\fIJAR\fR,...]
Comma separated list of jar files to be provided to the executor and driver
classpaths.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of key value pairs to configure Spark. For a list of available properties,
see:
https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/configuration.html#available\-properties.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-after\fR=\fISTEP_ID\fR,[\fISTEP_ID\fR,...]
(Optional) List of step IDs to start this job after.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-class\fR=\fIMAIN_CLASS\fR
The class containing the main method of the driver. Must be in a provided jar or
jar that is already on the classpath

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-jar\fR=\fIMAIN_JAR\fR
The HCFS URI of jar file containing the driver jar.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job spark
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates add\-job spark
.RE

