
.TH "GCLOUD_MONITORING_DASHBOARDS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud monitoring dashboards delete \- delete a Cloud Monitoring dashboard



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud monitoring dashboards delete\fR \fIDASHBOARD\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete a Monitoring dashboard.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dashboard resource \- The dashboard to delete. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dashboard] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDASHBOARD\fR
ID of the dashboard or fully qualified identifier for the dashboard.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete a dashboard, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud monitoring dashboards delete MY\-DASHBOARD
.RE

To delete a dashboard contained within a specific project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud monitoring dashboards delete MY\-DASHBOARD \e
    \-\-project=MY\-PROJECT
.RE

To delete a dashboard with a fully qualified dashboard ID, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud monitoring dashboards delete \e
    projects/MY\-PROJECT/dashboards/MY\-DASHBOARD
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring dashboards delete
$ gcloud beta monitoring dashboards delete
.RE

