
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute networks create \- create a Compute Engine network



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute networks create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-bgp\-routing\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR;\ default="regional"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-subnet\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute networks create\fR is used to create virtual
networks. A network performs the same function that a router does in a home
network: it describes the network range and gateway IP address, handles
communication between instances, and serves as a gateway between instances and
callers outside the network.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the network to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bgp\-routing\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR; default="regional"
The BGP routing mode for this network. If not specified, defaults to regional.

\fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBglobal\fR
Cloud Routers in this network advertise subnetworks from all regions to their
BGP peers, and program instances in all regions with the router's best learned
BGP routes.
.TP 2m
\fBregional\fR
Cloud Routers in this network advertise subnetworks from their local region only
to their BGP peers, and program instances in their local region only with the
router's best learned BGP routes.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the network.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
Specifies the IPv4 address range of legacy mode networks. The range must be
specified in CIDR format:
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classless_Inter\-Domain_Routing

This flag only works if mode is legacy
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/vpc/legacy).

Using legacy networks is **DEPRECATED**, given that many newer Google Cloud
Platform features are not supported on legacy networks. Please be advised that
legacy networks may not be supported in the future.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
The subnet mode of the network. If not specified, defaults to AUTO.

\fIMODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBauto\fR
Subnets are created automatically. This is the recommended selection.
.TP 2m
\fBcustom\fR
Create subnets manually.
.TP 2m
\fBlegacy\fR
[Deprecated] Create an old style network that has a range and cannot have
subnets. This is not recommended for new networks.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a regional auto subnet mode network with the name 'network\-name',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks create network\-name
.RE

To create a global custom subnet mode network with the name 'network\-name',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks create network\-name \e
  \-\-bgp\-routing\-mode=global \e
  \-\-subnet\-mode=custom
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks create
$ gcloud alpha compute networks create
.RE

