
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot registries credentials create \- add a new credential to a registry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot registries credentials create\fR \fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A registry may have at most 10 credentials.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-path\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to a file containing an X.509v3 certificate (RFC5280
(https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc5280.txt)), encoded in base64, and wrapped by
\f5\-\-\-\-\-BEGIN CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR and \f5\-\-\-\-\-END
CERTIFICATE\-\-\-\-\-\fR.

.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry for which to create credentials. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-registry]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials create
$ gcloud beta iot registries credentials create
.RE

