
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_SNAPSHOTS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute snapshots add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine snapshot



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute snapshots add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Add an IAM policy binding to a Google Compute Engine snapshot.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Snapshot resource \- The snapshot for which to add IAM policy binding to. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [snapshot_name] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISNAPSHOT_NAME\fR
ID of the snapshot or fully qualified identifier for the snapshot.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.securityAdmin' for
the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with snapshot 'my\-snapshot', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute snapshots add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-snapshot \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.securityAdmin'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute snapshots add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta compute snapshots add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

