
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FUNCTIONS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha functions set\-iam\-policy \- sets IAM policy for a Google Cloud Function



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha functions set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fINAME\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets IAM policy for a Google Cloud Function.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Function resource \- The Cloud function name to get IAM policy for. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [NAME] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
ID of the function or fully qualified identifier for the function. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the function. Overrides the default \f5functions/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the iam policy for \f5FUNCTION\-1\fR to the policy defined in
\f5POLICY\-FILE\-1\fR run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha functions set\-iam\-policy FUNCTION\-1 POLICY\-FILE\-1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta functions set\-iam\-policy
.RE

