
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCHEDULER_JOBS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scheduler jobs \- manage Cloud Scheduler jobs



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scheduler jobs\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Scheduler jobs.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Cloud Scheduler jobs for various types of targets.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Cloud Scheduler jobs for various types of targets.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a job.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a job.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List jobs.

.TP 2m
\fBpause\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Pause the execution of a job.

.TP 2m
\fBresume\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Resume execution of a paused job.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Trigger an on\-demand execution of a job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scheduler jobs
$ gcloud beta scheduler jobs
.RE

