
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FIREBASE_TEST_IOS_MODELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha firebase test ios models \- explore iOS models available in the Test Environment catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha firebase test ios models\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore iOS models available in the Test Environment catalog.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an iOS model.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all iOS models available for testing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all iOS models available for running tests, along with their model names
and supported iOS versions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test ios models list
.RE

To view information about a single iOS model, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test ios models describe MODEL_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firebase test ios models
.RE

