
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ENDPOINTS_SERVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta endpoints services \- manage Services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta endpoints services\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Services.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a service.

.TP 2m
\fBcheck\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Returns information about a member's permissions on a service.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deletes a service from Google Service Management.

.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deploys a service configuration for the given service name.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describes a service given a service name.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describes the IAM policy for a service.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List services for a project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a service.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Undeletes a service configuration that was previously deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud endpoints services
$ gcloud alpha endpoints services
.RE

