
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AUTH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha auth \- manage oauth2 credentials for the Google Cloud SDK



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha auth\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud auth command group lets you grant and revoke
authorization to Cloud SDK (gcloud) to access Google Cloud Platform. Typically,
when scripting Cloud SDK tools for use on multiple machines, using \f5gcloud
auth activate\-service\-account\fR is recommended.

For more information on authorization and credential types, see:
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/authorizing.

While running \f5gcloud auth\fR commands, the \f5\-\-account\fR flag can be
specified to any command to use that account without activation.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBactivate\-service\-account\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Authorize gcloud to access Cloud Platform with a Google service
account.

.TP 2m
\fBconfigure\-docker\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Registers gcloud as a Docker credential helper.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists credentialed accounts.

.TP 2m
\fBlogin\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Authorize gcloud to access the Cloud Platform with Google user
credentials.

.TP 2m
\fBrevoke\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Revoke access credentials for an account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To authenticate a user account with gcloud and minimal user output, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth login \-\-brief
.RE

To list all credentialed accounts and identify the current active account, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth list
.RE

To revoke credentials for a user account (like logging out), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth revoke test@gmail.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth
$ gcloud beta auth
.RE

