
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ASSET_FEEDS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta asset feeds describe \- describe a Cloud Asset Inventory Feed



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta asset feeds describe\fR \fIFEED_ID\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Asset Inventory Feed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFEED_ID\fR
Asset feed identifier to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
Folder of the feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
Organization of the feed.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-project\fR=\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
project of the feed.

The Google Cloud Platform project ID to use for this invocation. If omitted,
then the current project is assumed; the current project can be listed using
\f5gcloud config list \-\-format='text(core.project)'\fR and can be set using
\f5gcloud config set project PROJECTID\fR.

\f5\-\-project\fR and its fallback \f5core/project\fR property play two roles in
the invocation. It specifies the project of the resource to operate on. It also
specifies the project for API enablement check, quota, and billing. To specify a
different project for quota and billing, use \f5\-\-billing\-project\fR or
\f5billing/quota_project\fR property.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a feed 'feed1' in project 'p1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta asset feeds describe feed1 \-\-project=p1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud asset feeds describe
$ gcloud alpha asset feeds describe
.RE

