
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ARTIFACTS_REPOSITORIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha artifacts repositories create \- create an Artifact Registry repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha artifacts repositories create\fR (\fIREPOSITORY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-repository\-format\fR=\fIREPOSITORY_FORMAT\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKMS_KEY\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Artifact Registry repository.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
A repository with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create repositories.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
A valid repository format was not provided.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Repository resource \- The Artifact Registry repository to create. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [repository] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREPOSITORY\fR
ID of the repository or fully qualified identifier for the repository. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the repository. Overrides the default artifacts/location property
value for this command invocation. To configure the default location, use the
command: gcloud config set artifacts/location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repository\-format\fR=\fIREPOSITORY_FORMAT\fR
Format of the repository. \fIREPOSITORY_FORMAT\fR must be one of: \fBapt\fR,
\fBdocker\fR, \fBformat\-unspecified\fR, \fBmaven\fR, \fBnpm\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description for the repository.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKMS_KEY\fR
Name of the encryption key that's used for encrypting the contents of the
repository.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBartifactregistry/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/artifacts/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a repository with the name \f5my\-repo\fR under the current project,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts repositories create my\-repo
.RE

To create repository \f5my\-repo\fR with a KMS key
\f5projects/my\-project/locations/us/keyRings/my\-kr/cryptoKeys/my\-key\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha artifacts repositories create my\-repo \e
    \-\-kms\-key=projects/my\-project/locations/us/keyRings/my\-kr/\e
cryptoKeys/my\-key
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta artifacts repositories create
.RE

