
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters \- manage Access Context Manager service perimeters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR A service perimeter describes a set of Google Cloud Platform
resources which can freely import and export data amongst themselves, but not
externally.

Currently, the only allowed members of a service perimeter are projects.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about a service perimeter.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List service perimeters.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing access zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager perimeters
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters
.RE

