
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ALLOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute allocations describe \- show details about a Compute Engine zonal allocation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute allocations describe\fR (\fIALLOCATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a Compute Engine zonal allocation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Allocation resource \- The name of the allocation to describe. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [allocation] on the command
line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIALLOCATION\fR
ID of the allocation or fully qualified identifier for the allocation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

