
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APP_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha app update \- updates an App Engine application



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha app update\fR [\fB\-\-[no\-]split\-health\-checks\fR] [\fB\-\-use\-container\-optimized\-os\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command is used to update settings on an app engine
application.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-[no\-]split\-health\-checks\fR
Enables/disables split health checks by default on new deployments. Use
\fB\-\-split\-health\-checks\fR to enable and
\fB\-\-no\-split\-health\-checks\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-container\-optimized\-os\fR
(DEPRECATED) Enables/disables Container\-Optimized OS as Flex base VM image by
default on new deployments.

Starting 2019\-11\-01, Container\-Optimized OS is the default VM image type of
App Engine Flex deployments. The flag
\f5\-\-no\-use\-container\-optimized\-os\fR is deprecated and will not have an
effect.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To enable split health checks on an application:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha app update \-\-split\-health\-checks
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app update
$ gcloud beta app update
.RE

