
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRY\-GROUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups \- manage entry groups in Cloud Data Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entry\-groups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage entry groups in Cloud Data Catalog.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all entry groups in a Cloud Data Catalog location.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove an IAM policy binding from a Cloud Data Catalog entry
group.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Data Catalog entry group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog entry\-groups
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entry\-groups
.RE

