
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore instances create \- create a Cloud Filestore instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore instances create\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-file\-share\fR=[\fIcapacity\fR=\fICAPACITY\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\-region\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\-REGION\fR] \fB\-\-network\fR=[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIreserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED\-IP\-RANGE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR;\ default="STANDARD"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Filestore instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The instance to create. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-share\fR=[\fIcapacity\fR=\fICAPACITY\fR],[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\fR],[\fIsource\-snapshot\-region\fR=\fISOURCE\-SNAPSHOT\-REGION\fR]
File share configuration for an instance. Specifying both \f5name\fR and
\f5capacity\fR is required.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcapacity\fR
The desired size of the volume. The capacity must be a whole number followed by
a size unit such as \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte. If no size unit is specified,
GB is assumed. The minimum size for a standard instance is 1TB. The minimum size
for a premium instance is 2.5TB.

.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
The desired logical name of the volume.

.RS 2m
*source\-snapshot*::: The name of the snapshot to restore from.
.RE

.TP 2m
\fBsource\-snapshot\-region\fR
The region of the source snapshot. If unspecified, it is assumed that the
Filestore snapshot is local and instance\-zone will be used.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=[\fIname\fR=\fINAME\fR],[\fIreserved\-ip\-range\fR=\fIRESERVED\-IP\-RANGE\fR]
Network configuration for a Cloud Filestore instance. Specifying
\f5reserved\-ip\-range\fR is optional.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBname\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine VPC network to which the instance is
connected.

.TP 2m
\fBreserved\-ip\-range\fR
A /29 CIDR block in one of the internal IP address ranges
(https://www.arin.net/knowledge/address_filters.html) that identifies the range
of IP addresses reserved for this instance. For example, 10.0.0.0/29 or
192.168.0.0/29. The range you specify can't overlap with either existing subnets
or assigned IP address ranges for other Cloud Filestore instances in the
selected VPC network.



.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the Cloud Filestore instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
(DEPRECATED) Location of the Cloud Filestore instance.

The \f5\-\-location\fR flag is deprecated. Use \f5\-\-zone\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR; default="STANDARD"
The service tier for the Cloud Filestore instance. \fITIER\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpremium\fR
Premium Filestore instance.
.TP 2m
\fBstandard\fR
Standard Filestore instance.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a Cloud Filestore instance named NAME with a
single volume.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore instances create NAME \e
    \-\-description=DESCRIPTION \-\-tier=TIER \e
    \-\-file\-share=name=VOLUME_NAME,capacity=CAPACITY \e
    \-\-network=name=NETWORK_NAME,reserved\-ip\-range=RESERVED\-IP\-RANGE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore instances create
$ gcloud beta filestore instances create
.RE

