
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy \- read and manage Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manage Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnode\-groups\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy node groups.

.TP 2m
\fBnode\-templates\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manage Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy node
templates.

.TP 2m
\fBnode\-types\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read Google Compute Engine sole\-tenancy node types.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy
.RE

