
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIKEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given key as defined in a JSON or YAML
file.

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Key resource \- The key whose IAM policy to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [key] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The containing keyring.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the key.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudkms/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/kms/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the key \f5frodo\fR with the keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5global\fR:

$ gcloud alpha kms keys set\-iam\-policy frodo policy.json \e.RS 2m
\-\-keyring fellowship \-\-location global

.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta kms keys set\-iam\-policy
.RE

