
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FIREBASE_TEST_ANDROID_VERSIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha firebase test android versions \- explore Android versions available for testing



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha firebase test android versions\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore Android versions available for testing.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Android OS version.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all Android OS versions available for testing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list information about all versions of the Android OS available for running
tests, including details such as OS code name and release date, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android versions list
.RE

To view information about a specific Android OS version, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android versions describe VERSION_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firebase test android versions
$ gcloud beta firebase test android versions
.RE

