
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_SERVICE\-ACCOUNTS_KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys \- manage service account keys



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam service\-accounts keys\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage service account keys.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a private key for a service account.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a user\-managed key from a service account.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-public\-key\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the public key for a service account key pair.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the keys for a service account.

.TP 2m
\fBupload\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Upload a public key for an IAM service account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam service\-accounts keys
$ gcloud beta iam service\-accounts keys
.RE

