
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_PACKET\-MIRRORINGS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute packet\-mirrorings delete \- delete a Google Compute Engine packet mirroring policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute packet\-mirrorings delete\fR \fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Google Compute Engine Packet Mirroring policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR [\fINAME\fR ...]
Names of the packet mirrorings to delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the packet mirrorings to delete. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Delete the Packet Mirroring policy pm\-1 in region us\-central1.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute packet\-mirrorings delete pm\-1
  \-\-region us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute packet\-mirrorings delete
$ gcloud alpha compute packet\-mirrorings delete
.RE

