
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_WEB\-SECURITY\-SCANNER_SCAN\-CONFIGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs update \- update a Web Security Scanner ScanConfig



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs update\fR \fISCAN_CONFIG\fR [\fB\-\-blacklist\-patterns\fR=[\fIBLACKLIST_PATTERNS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-export\-to\-security\-center\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-qps\fR=\fIMAX_QPS\fR] [\fB\-\-risk\-level\fR=\fIRISK_LEVEL\fR;\ default="normal"] [\fB\-\-schedule\-interval\-days\fR=\fISCHEDULE_INTERVAL_DAYS\fR] [\fB\-\-schedule\-next\-start\fR=\fISCHEDULE_NEXT_START\fR] [\fB\-\-starting\-urls\fR=[\fISTARTING_URLS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-target\-platforms\fR=[\fITARGET_PLATFORMS\fR,...];\ default="app_engine,compute"] [\fB\-\-user\-agent\fR=\fIUSER_AGENT\fR] [\fB\-\-auth\-password\fR=\fIAUTH_PASSWORD\fR\ \fB\-\-auth\-type\fR=\fIAUTH_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-auth\-url\fR=\fIAUTH_URL\fR\ \fB\-\-auth\-user\fR=\fIAUTH_USER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Updates a Web Security Scanner ScanConfig.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Scan config resource \- Scan config to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [scan_config]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISCAN_CONFIG\fR
ID of the scan_config or fully qualified identifier for the scan_config.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-blacklist\-patterns\fR=[\fIBLACKLIST_PATTERNS\fR,...]
List of blacklist URL patterns as described online:
https://cloud.google.com/security\-scanner/docs/excluded\-urls

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A human\-readable name for the scan config.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-to\-security\-center\fR
If True, the scanner will export scan results to Cloud Security Command Center.
Defaults to true. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-export\-to\-security\-center\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-qps\fR=\fIMAX_QPS\fR
Maximum queries per second (QPS) of the scanners. Defaults to 15, with a maximum
of 20.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-risk\-level\fR=\fIRISK_LEVEL\fR; default="normal"
The risk level selected for the scan. Defaults to normal scanning.
\fIRISK_LEVEL\fR must be one of: \fBlow\fR, \fBnormal\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schedule\-interval\-days\fR=\fISCHEDULE_INTERVAL_DAYS\fR
How frequently the scan should be run automatically (in days). If not set, there
is no automatic scheduling of this scan.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schedule\-next\-start\fR=\fISCHEDULE_NEXT_START\fR
When the next automatic scheduled scan should start. Requires
\f5\-\-schedule\-interval\-days\fR to be set. See $ gcloud topic datetimes for
information on time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-starting\-urls\fR=[\fISTARTING_URLS\fR,...]
URLs the scan starts scanning from. These URLs must be 'owned' by the project in
some way (resolve to a reserved IP address, or be the default
\f5https://<PROJECT\-ID>.<REGION\-ID>.r.appspot.com\fR).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-platforms\fR=[\fITARGET_PLATFORMS\fR,...]; default="app_engine,compute"
List of platforms the site is running on. Defaults to 'app_engine,compute'.
\fITARGET_PLATFORMS\fR must be one of: \fBapp\-engine\fR, \fBcompute\fR,
\fBtarget\-platform\-unspecified\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-agent\fR=\fIUSER_AGENT\fR
List of user agents to use when crawling. Defaults to 'chrome_linux'.
\fIUSER_AGENT\fR must be one of: \fBchrome\-android\fR, \fBchrome\-linux\fR,
\fBsafari\-iphone\fR, \fBuser\-agent\-unspecified\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auth\-password\fR=\fIAUTH_PASSWORD\fR
Password for the test user. Required if \f5\-\-auth\-type\fR is not 'none'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auth\-type\fR=\fIAUTH_TYPE\fR
Type of authentication to use. \fIAUTH_TYPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcustom\fR
Authentication with a custom account.
.TP 2m
\fBgoogle\fR
Authentication with a Google account.
.TP 2m
\fBnone\fR
Disables Authentication.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auth\-url\fR=\fIAUTH_URL\fR
URL of the login page for your site. Required if \f5\-\-auth\-type\fR is
\'custom'. Otherwise, it should not be set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auth\-user\fR=\fIAUTH_USER\fR
The test user to log in as. Required if \f5\-\-auth\-type\fR is not 'none'.
\'google' login requires a full email address. Cannot be your own account.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBwebsecurityscanner/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/security\-command\-center/docs/concepts\-web\-security\-scanner\-overview/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following commands update the attributes of the specified scan config:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs update \e
    SCAN_CONFIG \-\-user\-agent=CHROME_ANDROID
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs update \e
    SCAN_CONFIG \-\-auth\-type=google \-\-auth\-user=username@gmail.com \e
    \-\-auth\-password=password
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs update \e
    SCAN_CONFIG \-\-auth\-type=custom \-\-auth\-user=username \e
    \-\-auth\-password=password \-\-auth\-url=http://example.com/login
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

