
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SECRETS_REPLICATION_SET" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta secrets replication set \- set a secret's replication



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta secrets replication set\fR \fISECRET\fR \fB\-\-replication\-policy\-file\fR=\fIREPLICATION\-POLICY\-FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Sets the replication policy for the given secret as defined in a
JSON or YAML file. The locations that a Secret is replicated to cannot be
changed.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Secret resource \- The secret to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [SECRET] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISECRET\fR
ID of the secret or fully qualified identifier for the secret.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-replication\-policy\-file\fR=\fIREPLICATION\-POLICY\-FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file to use to read the replication policy. The file must conform
to
https://cloud.google.com/secret\-manager/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.secrets#replication.Set
this to "\-" to read from stdin.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set the replication of a secret named ``my\-secret" to the contents of
my\-file.json, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta secrets replication set my\-secret \e
    \-\-replication\-policy\-file=my\-file.json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

