
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_LOGGING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha logging \- manage Stackdriver Logging



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha logging\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Stackdriver Logging.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbuckets\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Logging buckets.

.TP 2m
\fBlogs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manages your project's logs.

.TP 2m
\fBmetrics\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manages logs\-based metrics.

.TP 2m
\fBresource\-descriptors\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get information about resource descriptors.

.TP 2m
\fBsinks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manages sinks used to export logs.

.TP 2m
\fBviews\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Logging views.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBread\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read log entries.

.TP 2m
\fBwrite\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Write a log entry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud logging
$ gcloud beta logging
.RE

