
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-FUSION_INSTANCES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-fusion instances describe \- gets details about a Cloud Data Fusion instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-fusion instances describe\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Instance to describe. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Compute Engine region in which to create the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe instance 'my\-instance' in project 'my\-project' and location
\'my\-location', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-fusion instances describe \-\-project=my\-project \e
    \-\-location=my\-location my\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

