
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_SEARCH" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha identity groups search \- search groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha identity groups search\fR \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR;\ default="basic"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Search groups.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR
Labels of the group resource. Example of labels "\-\-labels
cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization the Group being searched.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
The default page size is 200 (max 1000) for the BASIC view, and 50 (max 500) for
the FULL view.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
The next_page_token value returned from a previous search request, if any.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-view\fR=\fIVIEW\fR; default="basic"
There are two possible views, 'basic' and 'full', default is 'basic'. \fIVIEW\fR
must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbasic\fR
Response only basic information of the groups.

.TP 2m
\fBfull\fR
Response includes all the fields of the groups.

.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To Search groups:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups search \-\-organization="5149234212"  \e
    \-\-labels="cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum"  \e
    \-\-page\-size=3  \e
    \-\-page\-token="ala9glealanal908"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups search
.RE

