
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_DEPLOYMENTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update \- update a deployment based on a provided config file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update\fR \fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-create\-policy\fR=\fICREATE_POLICY\fR;\ default="create\-or\-acquire"] [\fB\-\-credential\fR=\fICREDENTIAL\fR] [\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR;\ default="delete"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-fingerprint\fR=\fIFINGERPRINT\fR] [\fB\-\-preview\fR] [\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTIES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-composite\-type\fR=\fICOMPOSITE_TYPE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-manifest\-id\fR=\fIMANIFEST_ID\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command will update a deployment with the new config file
provided. Different policies for create, update, and delete policies can be
specified.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEPLOYMENT_NAME\fR
Deployment name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately and print information about the Operation in progress rather
than waiting for the Operation to complete. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-create\-policy\fR=\fICREATE_POLICY\fR; default="create\-or\-acquire"
Create policy for resources that have changed in the update. \fICREATE_POLICY\fR
must be one of: \fBacquire\fR, \fBcreate\fR, \fBcreate\-or\-acquire\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-credential\fR=\fICREDENTIAL\fR
Set the default credential that Deployment Manager uses to call underlying APIs
of a deployment. Use PROJECT_DEFAULT to set deployment credential same as the
credential of its owning project. Use serviceAccount:email to set default
credential using provided service account.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-delete\-policy\fR=\fIDELETE_POLICY\fR; default="delete"
Delete policy for resources that will change as part of an update or delete.
\f5delete\fR deletes the resource while \f5abandon\fR just removes the resource
reference from the deployment. \fIDELETE_POLICY\fR must be one of:
\fBabandon\fR, \fBdelete\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The new description of the deployment.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-fingerprint\fR=\fIFINGERPRINT\fR
The fingerprint to use in requests to modify a deployment. If not specified, a
get deployment request will be made to fetch the latest fingerprint. A
fingerprint is a randomly generated value that is part of the update, stop, and
cancel\-preview request to perform optimistic locking. It is initially generated
by Deployment Manager and changes after every request to modify data. The latest
fingerprint is printed when deployment data is modified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\fR
Preview the requested update without making any changes to theunderlying
resources. (default=False)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-properties\fR=[\fIPROPERTIES\fR,...]
A comma separated, key:value, map to be used when deploying a template file or
composite type directly.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-composite\-type\fR=\fICOMPOSITE_TYPE\fR
Name of a composite type to deploy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Filename of a top\-level yaml config that specifies resources to deploy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-manifest\-id\fR=\fIMANIFEST_ID\fR
Manifest Id of a previous deployment. This flag cannot be used with \-\-config.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\fR=\fITEMPLATE\fR
Filename of a top\-level jinja or python config template.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update an existing deployment with a new config yaml file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml
.RE

To update an existing deployment with a new config template file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-template new_config.{jinja|py}
.RE

To update an existing deployment with a composite type as a new config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-composite\-type <project\-id>/composite:<new\-config>
.RE


To preview an update to an existing deployment without actually modifying the
resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-preview
.RE

To apply an update that has been previewed, provide the name of the previewed
deployment, and no config file:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment
.RE

To specify different create, update, or delete policies, include any subset of
the following flags;

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-create\-policy acquire \e
    \-\-delete\-policy abandon
.RE

To perform an update without waiting for the operation to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-async
.RE

To update an existing deployment with a new config file and a fingerprint, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager deployments update my\-deployment \e
    \-\-config new_config.yaml \-\-fingerprint deployment\-fingerprint
.RE

Either the \-\-config, \-\-template, or \-\-composite\-type flag is required
unless launching an already\-previewed update to a deployment.

More information is available at
https://cloud.google.com/deployment\-manager/docs/configuration/.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager deployments update
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager deployments update
.RE

