
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_IMPORT_SQL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql import sql \- imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from a SQL dump file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql import sql\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR] [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR gcloud alpha sql import sql imports data into a Cloud SQL instance
from a SQL dump file in Google Cloud Storage.

For detailed help on importing data into Cloud SQL, refer to this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/import\-export/importing



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
Path to the MySQL dump file in Google Cloud Storage from which the import is
made. The URI is in the form \f5gs://bucketName/fileName\fR. Compressed gzip
files (.gz) are also supported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR, \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR
Database to which the import is made. If not set, it is assumed that the
database is specified in the file to be imported. If your SQL dump file includes
a database statement, it will override the database set in this flag.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR
PostgreSQL user for this import operation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import data from a SQL dump file into a database, \f5testdb\fR, on the
specified Cloud SQL instance \f5test\-instance\-1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$  gcloud sql import sql test\-instance\-1 \e
    gs://test\-bucket/test\-file.sql.gz \-\-database=testdb
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql import sql
$ gcloud beta sql import sql
.RE

