
.TH "GCLOUD_DEBUG_SNAPSHOTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud debug snapshots list \- list the debug snapshots for a Cloud Debugger debug target (debuggee)



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud debug snapshots list\fR [\fIID\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-all\-users\fR] [\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR=\fIINCLUDE_INACTIVE\fR;\ default=300] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR] [\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fBgcloud debug snapshots list\fR is used to display the debug snapshots for a
Cloud Debugger debug target (debuggee). By default all active snapshots as well
as any recently completed snapshots are returned. To obtain older completed
snapshots specify the \-\-include\-inactive option.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIID\fR ...]
Zero or more snapshot resource identifiers. The specified snapshots will be
displayed.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-users\fR
If set, display snapshots from all users, rather than only the current user.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-include\-inactive\fR=\fIINCLUDE_INACTIVE\fR; default=300
Include snapshots which have completed in the last INCLUDE_INACTIVE seconds. If
the value is "unlimited", all inactive snapshots will be included.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\-REGEXP\fR
A regular expression to match against snapshot locations. All snapshots matching
this value will be displayed. You may specify \-\-location multiple times.

EXAMPLE:

.RS 2m
gcloud debug snapshots list \e
    \-\-location foo.py:[1\-3] \-\-location bar.py:4
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\fR=(\fIID\fR|\fIDESCRIPTION_REGEXP\fR)
The debug target. It may be a target ID or name obtained from 'debug targets
list', or it may be a regular expression uniquely specifying a debuggee based on
its description or name. For App Engine projects, if not specified, the default
target is the most recent deployment of the default module and version.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list the active and recently completed debug snapshots of the debug target
(debuggee), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots list \-\-target=<debuggee_id>
.RE

To list all (both active and inactive) snapshots of the debug target (debuggee),
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots list \-\-include\-inactive=unlimited \e
    \-\-target=<debuggee_id>
.RE

To list snapshots created by all users of the debug target (debuggee), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud debug snapshots list \-\-all\-users \-\-target=<debuggee_id>
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta debug snapshots list
.RE

