
.TH "GCLOUD_FILESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud filestore \- create and manipulate Cloud Filestore resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud filestore\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud filestore command group lets you create, configure and manipulate
Cloud Filestore instances.

With Cloud Filestore, you can take advantage of Google Cloud Platform's scale,
performance, and value to create and run managed file systems on Google
infrastructure.

More information on Cloud Filestore can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/filestore/ and detailed documentation can be found
here: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstances\fR
Create and manage Cloud Filestore instances.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(DEPRECATED)\fR List locations where Cloud Filestore is available.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
Read and manipulate Cloud Filestore operations.

.TP 2m
\fBregions\fR
List regions where Cloud Filestore is available.

.TP 2m
\fBzones\fR
List zones where Cloud Filestore is available.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore
$ gcloud beta filestore
.RE

