
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCTS_DELETE\-ALL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products delete\-all \- deletes all Products in a ProductSet or all Products that are in no ProductSet



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products delete\-all\fR \fILOCATION\fR (\fB\-\-orphan\-products\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-product\-set\fR=\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR) [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes all Products in a ProductSet or all Products that are in
no ProductSet.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Location resource \- The location in which to delete the product set. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [location] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILOCATION\fR
ID of the location or fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-orphan\-products\fR
Delete all Products that are in no ProductSet.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\-set\fR=\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR
Delete all Products that are in a ProductSet. Even if the Product is in multiple
ProductSets, the Product is still deleted.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
If specified, user will not be prompted and all the products in specified set
will be deleted. If not specified, user will be prompted to continue the delete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete all products in no product sets in location 'us\-east1' and project
\'test\-project', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products delete\-all \e
    \-\-orphan\-products us\-east1 \-\-project=test\-project
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

