
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_CONNECTION\-PROFILES_CREATE_CLOUDSQL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles create cloudsql \- create a Database Migration Service connection profile for Cloud SQL



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles create cloudsql\fR (\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR \fB\-\-source\-id\fR=\fISOURCE_ID\fR \fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR [\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-auto\-storage\-increase\fR=\fIAUTO_STORAGE_INCREASE\fR] [\fB\-\-data\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDATA_DISK_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-data\-disk\-type\fR=\fIDATA_DISK_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-ip\-v4\fR=\fIENABLE_IP_V4\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-private\-network\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR] [\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR=\fIREQUIRE_SSL\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-resize\-limit\fR=\fISTORAGE_AUTO_RESIZE_LIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Database Migration Service connection profile for Cloud
SQL.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- The connection profile to create. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [connection_profile]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTION_PROFILE\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the connection_profile.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-version\fR=\fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR
Database engine type and version (MYSQL_5_7, MYSQL_5_6, POSTGRES_9_6,
POSTGRES_11). \fIDATABASE_VERSION\fR must be one of: \fBMYSQL_5_7\fR,
\fBMYSQL_5_6\fR, \fBPOSTGRES_9_6\fR, \fBPOSTGRES_11\fR.

.TP 2m

Connection profile resource \- Database Migration Service source connection
profile ID. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-source\-id] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. To set the [region] attribute: provide the
argument [\-\-source\-id] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-region] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-id\fR=\fISOURCE_ID\fR
ID of the connection_profile or fully qualified identifier for the
connection_profile.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tier\fR=\fITIER\fR
Tier (or machine type) for this instance, for example:
\f5\fIdb\-n1\-standard\-1\fR\fR (MySQL instances) of
\f5\fIdb\-custom\-1\-3840\fR\fR (PostgreSQL instances). For more information,
see Cloud SQL Instance Settings
(https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/instance\-settings).


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activation\-policy\fR=\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR
Activation policy specifies when the instance is activated; it is applicable
only when the instance state is 'RUNNABLE'. Valid values:

ALWAYS: The instance is on, and remains so even in the absence of connection
requests.

NEVER: The instance is off; it is not activated, even if a connection request
arrives.

\fIACTIVATION_POLICY\fR must be one of: \fBALWAYS\fR, \fBNEVER\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-authorized\-networks\fR=\fINETWORK\fR,[\fINETWORK\fR,...]
List of external networks that are allowed to connect to the instance using the
IP. See https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CIDR_notation#CIDR_notation, also known as
\'slash' notation (e.g.192.168.100.0/24).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-storage\-increase\fR=\fIAUTO_STORAGE_INCREASE\fR
If you enable this setting, Cloud SQL checks your available storage every 30
seconds. If the available storage falls below a threshold size, Cloud SQL
automatically adds additional storage capacity. If the available storage
repeatedly falls below the threshold size, Cloud SQL continues to add storage
until it reaches the maximum of 30 TB. Default: ON.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDATA_DISK_SIZE\fR
Storage capacity available to the database, in GB. The minimum (and default)
size is 10GB.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-disk\-type\fR=\fIDATA_DISK_TYPE\fR
Type of storage: PD_SSD (default) or PD_HDD. \fIDATA_DISK_TYPE\fR must be one
of: \fBPD_SSD\fR, \fBPD_HDD\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\-flags\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Database flags passed to the Cloud SQL instance at startup. An object containing
a list of "key": value pairs. Example: { "name": "wrench", "mass": "1.3kg",
"count": "3" }.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Friendly name for the connection profile.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-ip\-v4\fR=\fIENABLE_IP_V4\fR
Whether the instance should be assigned an IPv4 address or not.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-network\fR=\fIPRIVATE_NETWORK\fR
Resource link for the VPC network from which the Cloud SQL instance is
accessible for private IP. For example,
/projects/myProject/global/networks/default. This setting can be updated, but it
cannot be removed after it is set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-provider\fR=\fIPROVIDER\fR
Database provider (CLOUDSQL or RDS). \fIPROVIDER\fR must be one of: \fBRDS\fR,
\fBCLOUDSQL\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-ssl\fR=\fIREQUIRE_SSL\fR
Whether SSL connections over IP should be enforced or not.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-auto\-resize\-limit\fR=\fISTORAGE_AUTO_RESIZE_LIMIT\fR
Maximum size to which storage capacity can be automatically increased. The
default value is 0, which specifies that there is no limit.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
The resource labels for a Cloud SQL instance to use to annotate any related
underlying resources such as Compute Engine VMs. An object containing a list of
"key": "value" pairs.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Google Cloud Platform zone where your Cloud SQL datdabse instance is located.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a connection profile for Cloud SQL with database version MySQL 5.6:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration connection\-profiles create \e
  cloudsql CONNECTION_PROFILE \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
  \-\-display\-name=my\-profile \-\-database\-version=MYSQL_5_6
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

