
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_GAME_SERVERS_CLUSTERS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta game servers clusters create \- create a Game Server Cluster



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta game servers clusters create\fR (\fICLUSTER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR) \fB\-\-dry\-run\fR \fB\-\-gke\-cluster\fR=\fIGKE_CLUSTER\fR \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-preview\-time\fR=\fIPREVIEW_TIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Game Server Cluster.


.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create Game Server Cluster 'my\-cluster' in project 'my\-project', realm
\'my\-realm', and location in 'my\-location' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters create my\-cluster \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-realm=my\-realm \-\-location=my\-location \e
    \-\-gke\-cluster=projects/my\-project/locations/my\-location/clusters/my\-gke\-cluster \e
    \-\-namespace=default \-\-labels=a=x,b=y \-\-no\-dry\-run
.RE

To preview Game Server Cluster creation for 'my\-cluster' in project
\'my\-project', realm 'my\-realm', and location in 'my\-location' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta game servers clusters create my\-cluster \e
    \-\-project=my\-project \-\-realm=my\-realm \-\-location=my\-location \e
    \-\-gke\-cluster=projects/my\-project/locations/my\-location/clusters/my\-gke\-cluster \e
    \-\-namespace=default \-\-labels=a=x,b=y \-\-dry\-run
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Game server cluster resource \- Cloud Game Server Cluster to create. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [cluster] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICLUSTER\fR
ID of the game server cluster or fully qualified identifier for the game server
cluster. This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this
group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-realm\fR=\fIREALM\fR
Cloud Game Servers Realm.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR
Validate the creation, but do not execute it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gke\-cluster\fR=\fIGKE_CLUSTER\fR
Full or partial name of a cluster in Google Kubernetes Engine (GKE) where the
game server cluster is installed, using the format:
\'projects/*/locations/*/clusters/\fB'. Note, the location of the GKE cluster
can be either a region or a zone. Example:
\'projects/my\-project/locations/us\-central1/clusters/test'. If project and
location are not specified, the project and location of the Game Server Cluster
resource are used to generate the full name of the GKE cluster.

.TP 2m
\fR\-\-namespace\fB=\fINAMESPACE\fR
Namespace for Kubernetes API server endpoint.


\fR
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Game server cluster description.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-preview\-time\fR=\fIPREVIEW_TIME\fR
This attribute is only relevant for preview (\-\-dry\-run). It is used to
validate the state for a future time.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBgameservices/v1beta\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/solutions/gaming/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud game servers clusters create
$ gcloud alpha game servers clusters create
.RE

