
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_OS\-CONFIG_GUEST\-POLICIES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute os\-config guest\-policies update \- update the specified guest policy for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute os\-config guest\-policies update\fR \fIPOLICY_ID\fR \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_ID\fR
Name of the guest policy to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The JSON or YAML file with the updated guest policy.

If this file specifies an etag value, the update succeeds only if the policy
that is already in place has a matching etag value. If no etag value is
specified, the specifications in the updated policy file replaces the existing
policy.

For information about the guest policy format, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/osconfig/rest/v1beta/projects.guestPolicies.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the guest policy \f5policy1\fR in the project \f5project1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute os\-config guest\-policies update policy1 \e
\-\-file=path_to_config_file \-\-project=project1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute os\-config guest\-policies update
.RE

