
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FIREBASE_TEST_ANDROID" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha firebase test android \- command group for Android application testing



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha firebase test android\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore physical and virtual Android models, Android OS versions,
and Android locales which are available as test targets. Also run tests against
your Android app on these devices, monitor your test progress, and view detailed
test results in the Firebase console.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocales\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore Android locales available for testing.

.TP 2m
\fBmodels\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore Android models available in the Test Environment catalog.

.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore Android versions available for testing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBrun\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Invoke a test in Firebase Test Lab for Android and view test
results.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To see a list of available Android devices, their form factors, and supported
Android OS versions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android models list
.RE

To view more detailed information about a specific Android model, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android models describe MODEL_ID
.RE

To view details about available Android OS versions, such as their code names
and release dates, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android versions list
.RE

To view information about a specific Android OS version, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android versions describe VERSION_ID
.RE

To view the list of available Android locales which can be used for testing
internationalized applications, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android locales list
.RE

To view information about a specific locale, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android locales describe LOCALE
.RE

To view all options available for running Android tests, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test android run \-\-help
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firebase test android
$ gcloud beta firebase test android
.RE

