
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_CONFIGURE_DNS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations configure dns \- configure DNS settings of a Cloud Domains registration



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations configure dns\fR \fIREGISTRATION\fR [\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR] [\fB\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone\fR=\fICLOUD_DNS_ZONE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-dns\-settings\-from\-file\fR=\fIDNS_SETTINGS_FROM_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-name\-servers\fR=\fINAME_SERVER\fR,...,[...]\ |\ \fB\-\-use\-google\-domains\-dns\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-disable\-dnssec\fR] [\fB\-\-unsafe\-dns\-update\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure DNS settings of a Cloud Domains registration.

In most cases, this command is used for changing the authoritative name servers
for the given domain. However, advanced options are available.

This command can only be called on registrations in state ACTIVE or SUSPENDED.

When using Cloud DNS Zone or Google Domains name servers the DNS Security
(DNSSEC) will be enabled by default (if possible). It can be disabled using
\-\-disable\-dnssec flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registration resource \- The domain registration to configure DNS settings for.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [registration] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. To set the [location] attribute: provide the argument
[registration] on the command line with a fully specified name; location is
always global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGISTRATION\fR
ID of the registration or fully qualified identifier for the registration.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMONLY USED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-validate\-only\fR
Don't actually configure DNS settings of the registration. Only validate
arguments.

.TP 2m

Set the addresses of authoritative name servers for the given domain. At most
one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone\fR=\fICLOUD_DNS_ZONE\fR
The name of the Cloud DNS managed\-zone to set as the name server for the
domain. If it's in the same project, you can use short name. If not, use the
full resource name, e.g.:
\-\-cloud\-dns\-zone=projects/example\-project/managedZones/example\-zone. DNS
Security (DNSSEC) is turned on by default (if possible).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dns\-settings\-from\-file\fR=\fIDNS_SETTINGS_FROM_FILE\fR
A YAML file containing the required DNS settings. If specified, its content will
replace the values currently used in the registration resource. It means, that
if the file is missing some of the dns_settings field, they will be cleared.

Examples of file contents:

.RS 2m
googleDomainsDns:
  dsState: DS_RECORDS_PUBLISHED
glueRecords:
\- hostName: ns1.example.com
  ipv4Addresses:
  \- 8.8.8.8
\- hostName: ns2.example.com
  ipv4Addresses:
  \- 8.8.8.8
.RE

.RS 2m
customDns:
  nameServers:
  \- new.ns1.com
  \- new.ns2.com
  dsRecords:
  \- keyTag: 24
    algorithm: RSASHA1
    digestType: SHA256
    digest: 2e1cfa82b035c26cbbbdae632cea070514eb8b773f616aaeaf668e2f0be8f10d
  \- keyTag: 42
    algorithm: RSASHA1
    digestType: SHA256
    digest: 2e1cfa82bf35c26cbbbdae632cea070514eb8b773f616aaeaf668e2f0be8f10d
.RE

Warning: Do not change name servers if ds_records is non\-empty. Clear
ds_records first and wait 24 hours before changing name servers. Otherwise your
domain may stop serving.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\-servers\fR=\fINAME_SERVER\fR,...,[...]
List of DNS name servers for the domain.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-use\-google\-domains\-dns\fR
Use free name servers provided by Google Domains. DNS Security (DNSSEC) is
turned on by default.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OTHER FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-dnssec\fR
When using Cloud DNS Zone or Google Domains nameservers the DNS Security
(DNSSEC) will be enabled for the domain (unless the zone is not signed). Use
this flag to disable DNSSEC.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unsafe\-dns\-update\fR
Use this flag to allow DNS changes that may make your domain stop serving.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start an interactive flow to configure DNS settings for
\f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations configure dns example.com
.RE

To use Cloud DNS managed\-zone \f5\fIexample\-zone\fR\fR for
\f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations configure dns example.com \e
    \-\-cloud\-dns\-zone=example\-zone
.RE

If the managed\-zone is signed, DNSSEC will be enabled for the domain.

To change DNS settings for \f5\fIexample.com\fR\fR according to information from
a YAML file \f5\fIdns_settings.yaml\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations configure dns example.com \e
    \-\-dns\-settings\-from\-file=dns_settings.yaml
.RE

To disable DNS Security (DNSSEC), run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations configure dns example.com \e
    \-\-disable\-dnssec
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

