
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VIDEO_DETECT\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml video detect\-labels \- detect general labels for videos



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml video detect\-labels\fR \fIINPUT_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-detection\-mode\fR=\fIDETECTION_MODE\fR;\ default="shot"] [\fB\-\-output\-uri\fR=\fIOUTPUT_URI\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-segments\fR=[\fISEGMENTS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Detect general categories in videos, such as modes of
transportation or animals. Use the \-\-detection\-mode flag to control whether
labels are detected for shots, frames, or both.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINPUT_PATH\fR
The path to the video to be analyzed. Must be a local path or a Google Cloud
Storage URI.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-detection\-mode\fR=\fIDETECTION_MODE\fR; default="shot"
The mode of label detection requested. \fIDETECTION_MODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBframe\fR
Detect labels at the per\-frame level.
.TP 2m
\fBshot\fR
Detect labels at the per\-shot level.
.TP 2m
\fBshot\-and\-frame\fR
Detect labels at both the per\-shot and per\-frame level.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-output\-uri\fR=\fIOUTPUT_URI\fR
The location to which the results should be written. Must be a Google Cloud
Storage URI.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Optional cloud region where annotation should take place. If no region is
specified, a region will be determined based on video file location.
\fIREGION\fR must be one of: \fBasia\-east1\fR, \fBeurope\-west1\fR,
\fBus\-east1\fR, \fBus\-west1\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-segments\fR=[\fISEGMENTS\fR,...]
The segments from the video which you want to analyze (by default, the entire
video will be treated as one segment). Must be in the format
START1:END1[,START2:END2,...] (inclusive). START and END of segments must be a
properly formatted duration string of the form \f5HhMmSs\fR where:

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
H is the number of hours from beginning of video
.IP "\(em" 2m
M is the number of minutes from the beginning of video
.IP "\(em" 2m
S is the number of seconds from the beginning of the video

.RE
.RE
.sp
H, M and S can be specified as ints or floats for fractional units (to
microsecond resolution). Unit chars (e.g. \f5h\fR, \f5m\fR or \f5s\fR) are
required. Microseconds can be specified using fractional seconds e.g. 0.000569s
== 569 microseconds.

Examples: 0s:23.554048s,24s:29.528064s

0:1m40s,3m50s:5m10.232265s



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvideointelligence/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/video\-intelligence/docs/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml video detect\-labels
$ gcloud beta ml video detect\-labels
.RE

