
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_DATA" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha composer environments storage data \- manage data for Cloud Composer environments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha composer environments storage data\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha composer environments storage data command group
lets you import, export, list, and delete data for your Cloud Composer
environment.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete data from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage
bucket.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export data from an environment into local storage or Cloud
Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import data from local storage or Cloud Storage into an
environment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the data for a Cloud Composer environment.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud composer environments storage data
$ gcloud beta composer environments storage data
.RE

