
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys \- create and manage keys



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR A key represents a logical key that can be used for cryptographic
operations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBversions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage versions.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for a kms key.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new key.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get metadata for a given key.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the keys within a keyring.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for a kms key.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-rotation\-schedule\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove the rotation schedule for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-primary\-version\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the primary version of a key.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-rotation\-schedule\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the rotation schedule for a key.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys
$ gcloud beta kms keys
.RE

