
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AI_CUSTOM\-JOBS_STREAM\-LOGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ai custom\-jobs stream\-logs \- show stream logs from a running AI Platform custom job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ai custom\-jobs stream\-logs\fR (\fICUSTOM_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-allow\-multiline\-logs\fR] [\fB\-\-polling\-interval\fR=\fIPOLLING_INTERVAL\fR;\ default=60] [\fB\-\-task\-name\fR=\fITASK_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Custom job resource \- The custom job to fetch stream log. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [custom_job] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICUSTOM_JOB\fR
ID of the custom_job or fully qualified identifier for the custom_job. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud region for the custom_job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-allow\-multiline\-logs\fR
Output multiline log messages as single records.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-polling\-interval\fR=\fIPOLLING_INTERVAL\fR; default=60
Number of seconds to wait between efforts to fetch the latest log messages.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-task\-name\fR=\fITASK_NAME\fR
If set, display only the logs for this particular task.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To stream logs of a custom job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ai custom\-jobs stream\-logs stream\-logs CUSTOM_JOB
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ai custom\-jobs stream\-logs
.RE

