
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_API\-KEYS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services api\-keys \- manage api keys



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services api\-keys\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage api keys.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBclone\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new API key with the same metadata as input key.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create an API key.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an API key.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an API key's metadata.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-key\-string\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get key string of an API key.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists API keys.

.TP 2m
\fBlookup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Look up resource name of a key string.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undelete an API key.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an API key's metadata.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

