
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICES_VPC\-PEERINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha services vpc\-peerings \- VPC Peerings to various services



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha services vpc\-peerings\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR VPC Peerings to various services.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage VPC Peering operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconnect\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Connect to a service via VPC peering for a project network.

.TP 2m
\fBdisable\-vpc\-service\-controls\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disable VPC Service Controls for a connection.

.TP 2m
\fBenable\-vpc\-service\-controls\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Enable VPC Service Controls for a connection.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List connections to a service via VPC peering for a project
network.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a private service connection to a service for a project
network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud services vpc\-peerings
$ gcloud beta services vpc\-peerings
.RE

