
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_AI_HP\-TUNING\-JOBS_CANCEL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ai hp\-tuning\-jobs cancel \- cancel a running hyperparameter tuning job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ai hp\-tuning\-jobs cancel\fR (\fIHPTUNING_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR If the job is already finished, the command will not perform any
operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Hptuning job resource \- The hyperparameter tuning job to cancel. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [hptuning_job] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIHPTUNING_JOB\fR
ID of the hptuning_job or fully qualified identifier for the hptuning_job. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud region for the hptuning_job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ai hp\-tuning\-jobs cancel
.RE

