
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_PRODUCTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee products describe \- describes an Apigee API product



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee products describe\fR (\fIPRODUCT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describes an Apigee API product.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

API product resource \- The API product to be described. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT\fR
ID of the API product or fully qualified identifier for the API product. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization for the API product.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an API product called \f5\fIproduct\-name\fR\fR in the active Cloud
Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products describe product\-name
.RE

To describe an API product called \f5\fIother\-product\fR\fR from an Apigee
organization called \f5\fIorg\-name\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products describe other\-product \e
  \-\-organization=org\-name
.RE

To describe an API product called \f5\fIproduct\-name\fR\fR as a JSON object,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products describe product\-name \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

