
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_DISKS_REMOVE\-LABELS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute disks remove\-labels \- remove labels from Google Compute Engine persistent disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute disks remove\-labels\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-all\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]) [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute disks remove\-labels\fR removes labels
from a Google Compute Engine persistent disk. For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks remove\-labels example\-disk \e
    \-\-labels=k0,k1
.RE

will remove existing labels with key \f5\fIk0\fR\fR and \f5\fIk1\fR\fR from
\'example\-disk'.

Labels can be used to identify the disk and to filter them as in

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks list \-\-filter='labels.k1:value2'
.RE

To list existing labels

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks describe example\-disk \e
    \-\-format='default(labels)'
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\fR
Remove all labels from the resource.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fIKEY\fR,[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of label keys to remove from the resource.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disk to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks remove\-labels
$ gcloud beta compute disks remove\-labels
.RE

