
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_SERVICES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta service\-directory services create \- create a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta service\-directory services create\fR (\fISERVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) [\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The Service Directory service to create. The service id must
be 1\-63 characters long and match the regular expression
\f5[a\-z](?:[\-a\-z0\-9]{0,61}[a\-z0\-9])?\fR which means the first character
must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash,
lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[service] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
The name of the namespace for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-metadata\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Metadata for the service.

Metadata takes the form of key/value string pairs. The total dictionary is
limited to 2000 characters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Service Directory service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory services create my\-service \e
    \-\-namespace=my\-namespace \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-metadata=a=b,c=d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory services create
.RE

