
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PRIVATECA_SUBORDINATES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta privateca subordinates update \- update an existing subordinate certificate authority



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta privateca subordinates update\fR (\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-issuance\-policy\fR=\fIISSUANCE_POLICY\fR] [\fB\-\-pem\-chain\fR=\fIPEM_CHAIN\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-publish\-ca\-cert\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-publish\-crl\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

CERTIFICATE AUTHORITY resource \- The certificate authority to update. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY\fR
ID of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY or fully qualified identifier for the
CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. This positional must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of the CERTIFICATE_AUTHORITY. Alternatively, you can set the
property [privateca/location].


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-issuance\-policy\fR=\fIISSUANCE_POLICY\fR
A YAML file describing this Certificate Authority's issuance policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pem\-chain\fR=\fIPEM_CHAIN\fR
A file containing a list of PEM\-encoded certificates that represent the issuing
chain of this CA.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-publish\-ca\-cert\fR
If this is enabled, the following will happen: 1) The CA certificate will be
written to a known location within the CA distribution point. 2) The AIA
extension in all issued certificates will point to the CA cert URL in that
distribution point.

If this gets disabled, the AIA extension will not be written to any future
certificates issued by this CA. However, an existing bucket will not be deleted,
and the CA certificate will not be removed from that bucket.

Note that the same bucket may be used for the CRLs if \-\-publish\-crl is set.

Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-publish\-ca\-cert\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-publish\-crl\fR
If this gets enabled, the following will happen: 1) CRLs will be written to a
known location within the CA distribution point. 2) The CDP extension in all
future issued certificates will point to the CRL URL in that distribution point.

If this gets disabled, the CDP extension will not be written to any future
certificates issued by this CA, and new CRLs will not be published to that
bucket (which affects existing certs). However, an existing bucket will not be
deleted, and any existing CRLs will not be removed from that bucket.

Note that the same bucket may be used for the CA cert if \-\-publish\-ca\-cert
is set.

CRL publication is not supported for CAs in the DevOps tier.

Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-publish\-crl\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update labels on a subordinate CA:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates update server\-tls\-1 \e
  \-\-location=us\-west1 \e
  \-\-update\-labels=foo=bar
.RE

To disable publishing CRLs for a subordinate CA:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta privateca subordinates update server\-tls\-1 \e
  \-\-location=us\-west1 \e
  \-\-no\-publish\-crl
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

