
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_SWITCH\-MODE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute networks switch\-mode \- switch the mode of a Google Compute Engine network



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute networks switch\-mode\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR \f5switch\-mode\fR is deprecated. Please use
\f5\-\-switch\-to\-custom\-subnet\-mode\fR with \f5gcloud compute networks
update\fR instead.

\fBgcloud alpha compute networks switch\-mode\fR is used to change the mode of a
network. Currently, only changing from auto to custom mode is supported.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the network for which to switch mode.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mode\fR=\fIMODE\fR
The target mode of the network. Only support "custom" now.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To switch \f5\fINETWORK\fR\fR to custom subnet mode, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks switch\-mode NETWORK \-\-mode custom
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks switch\-mode
$ gcloud beta compute networks switch\-mode
.RE

