
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MEMCACHE_REGIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha memcache regions describe \- show metadata for a Memorystore Memcached region



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha memcache regions describe\fR \fIREGION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display all metadata associated with a Memorystore Memcached
region given a valid region name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The region specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given region.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Region resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Memcached
region you want to describe. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [region] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIREGION\fR
ID of the region or fully qualified identifier for the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmemcache/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command prints metadata for the region \f5us\-central1\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha memcache regions describe us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta memcache regions describe
.RE

