
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCE\-GROUPS_MANAGED_ABANDON\-INSTANCES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed abandon\-instances \- abandon instances owned by a managed instance group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed abandon\-instances\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instance\-groups managed
abandon\-instances\fR abandons one or more instances from a managed instance
group, thereby reducing the targetSize of the group. Once instances have been
abandoned, the currentSize of the group is automatically reduced as well to
reflect the change.

Abandoning an instance does not delete the underlying virtual machine instances,
but just removes the instances from the instance group. If you would like the
delete the underlying instances, use the delete\-instances command instead.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the managed instance group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instances\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR,[\fIINSTANCE\fR,...]
Names of instances to abandon.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you
may be prompted to select a region.

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the managed instance group to operate on. If not specified, you may
be prompted to select a zone.

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instance\-groups managed abandon\-instances
$ gcloud beta compute instance\-groups managed abandon\-instances
.RE

