
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION_DETECT\-PRODUCT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision detect\-product \- detect products within an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision detect\-product\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR \fB\-\-category\fR=[\fICATEGORY\fR,...] (\fB\-\-product\-set\fR=\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-product\-set\-location\fR=\fIPRODUCT_SET_LOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-bounding\-polygon\fR=\fIBOUNDING_POLYGON\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR detect products within an image



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
Path to the image to be analyzed. This can be either a local path or a URL. If
you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google Cloud
Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-category\fR=[\fICATEGORY\fR,...]
Product category to search in. \fICATEGORY\fR must be one of: \fBapparel\fR,
\fBhomegoods\fR, \fBtoys\fR.

.TP 2m

Product set resource \- The product set to be searched for similar images. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-product\-set] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\-set\fR=\fIPRODUCT_SET\fR
ID of the product set or fully qualified identifier for the product set. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\-set\-location\fR=\fIPRODUCT_SET_LOCATION\fR
The location of the product set.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bounding\-polygon\fR=\fIBOUNDING_POLYGON\fR
Bounding polygon around the areas of interest in the image. If it is not
specified, system discretion will be applied. A bounding polygon can be
specified by a list of vertices or normalized vertices. A vertex (x, y)
represents a 2D point in the image. x, y are integers and are in the same scale
as the original image. The normalized vertex coordinates are relative to orginal
image and range from 0 to 1. For example,
\-\-bounding\-polygon=0.,0.,0.,0.3,0.3,0.,0.3,0.3 specifies a polygon with 4
normalized vertices \- (0., 0.), (0., 0.3), (0.3, 0.), (0.3, 0.3). Notice that
the decimal point is needed for normalized vertex coordindates.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR
Filter expression to restrict search results based on product labels. ANDs of
ORs of key\-value expressions are supported, where expressions within an OR must
have the same key. Expressions separated by AND must have different keys. An '='
should be used to connect the key and value. For example, '(color = red OR color
= blue) AND brand = Google' is acceptable, but not '(color = red OR brand =
Google)' or 'color: red'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-results\fR=\fIMAX_RESULTS\fR
Maximum number of results to be provided.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To detect product in image 'gs://my\-bucket/my\-image.jpg' by searching in
product set 'my\-product\-set', in category 'toys', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision detect\-product gs://my\-bucket/my\-image.jpg \e
    \-\-product\-set='my\-product\-set' \-\-product\-set\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-category='toys'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision detect\-product
.RE

