
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ROUTERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute routers \- list, create, and delete Compute Engine routers



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute routers\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List, create, and delete Cloud Routers.

For more information about Cloud Routers, see the Cloud Router documentation
(https://cloud.google.com//network\-connectivity/docs/router/concepts/overview).

See also: Routers API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/routers).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBnats\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List, create, describe, and delete Cloud NAT.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-bgp\-peer\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add a BGP peer to a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\-interface\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add an interface to a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Google Compute Engine routers.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-nat\-mapping\-info\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Display NAT Mapping information in a router.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-status\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get status of a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine routers.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-bgp\-peer\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove a BGP peer from a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-interface\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove an interface from a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-bgp\-peer\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a BGP peer on a Google Compute Engine router.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-interface\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an interface on a Google Compute Engine router.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute routers
$ gcloud alpha compute routers
.RE

