
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_BACKUPS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner backups set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner backup



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner backups set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Spanner backup given a backup ID
and a file encoded in JSON or YAML that contains the IAM policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- The Cloud Spanner backup to set the IAM policy for. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Spanner instance.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\f5policy.json\fR and sets it for a spanner instance with the ID
\f5example\-instance\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner backups set\-iam\-policy example\-backup \e
    \-\-instance=example\-instance policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner backups set\-iam\-policy
$ gcloud beta spanner backups set\-iam\-policy
.RE

