
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_DISKS_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute disks set\-iam\-policy \- set IAM policy for a disk



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute disks set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute disks set\-iam\-policy\fR replaces the
existing IAM policy for a disk, given a disk and a file encoded in JSON or YAML
that contains the IAM policy. If the given policy file specifies an "etag"
value, then the replacement will succeed only if the policy already in place
matches that etag. (An etag obtained via \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR will prevent the
replacement if the policy for the disk has been subsequently updated.) A policy
file that does not contain an etag value will replace any existing policy for
the disk.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to set the IAM policy of.

.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
JSON or YAML file containing the IAM policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to set the IAM policy of. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read an IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for a disk with identifier 'my\-disk'

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute disks set\-iam\-policy my\-disk policy.json
.RE


See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks set\-iam\-policy
.RE

