
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances delete \- delete a given instance and all contained worker pools



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances delete\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes the instance, as well as all worker pools, cached build
inputs and cached build artifacts contained within that instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags specifying the instance you want to
delete. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBremotebuildexecution/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/remote\-build\-execution/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following will delete the instance named 'instance_to_delete':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances delete \e
    instance_to_delete
.RE

You can also provide the fully qualified resource name for the instance like so:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances delete \e
    projects/my_project/instances/instance_to_delete
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

