
.TH "GCLOUD_APIGEE_PRODUCTS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud apigee products describe \- describe an Apigee API product



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud apigee products describe\fR (\fIPRODUCT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Describe an Apigee API product.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

API product resource \- API product to be described. To get a list of available
API products, run:

$ gcloud apigee products list

The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT\fR
ID of the API product or fully qualified identifier for the API product. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization containing the API product. If unspecified, the Cloud
Platform project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an API product called \f5\fIproduct\-name\fR\fR in the active Cloud
Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products describe product\-name
.RE

To describe an API product called \f5\fIother\-product\fR\fR in an Apigee
organization called \f5\fIorg\-name\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products describe other\-product \e
  \-\-organization=org\-name
.RE

To describe an API product called \f5\fIproduct\-name\fR\fR as a JSON object,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products describe product\-name \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products describe
$ gcloud beta apigee products describe
.RE

