
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCES_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resources list \- list Google Cloud resources accessible from your account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resources list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR;\ default=500] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha resources list\fR lists all indexed Google Cloud
resources that you have access to. Filter expressions apply to the specific
resource type selected. Currently, only a limited subset of Cloud resource types
are supported.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIFILTER\fR
A filter expression that is rewritten into a CloudResourceSearch query
expression. It is applied to the resource specific data in the search results.

By default all indexed resources are listed. Use \f5@type\fR:\fICOLLECTION\fR to
select resources for \fICOLLECTION\fR. It is an error to specify a
\fICOLLECTION\fR not indexed by the API. The supported collections are:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
cloudresourcemanager.projects
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.disks
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.healthChecks
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.httpHealthChecks
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.httpsHealthChecks
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.images
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.instanceGroups
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.instances
.IP "\(em" 2m
compute.subnetworks
.RE
.RE
.sp
Collections named \f5resources.\fR\fIRESOURCE\-TYPE\fR may be used for
debugging, where \fIRESOURCE\-TYPE\fR is defined by the CloudResourceSearch API.

See \f5$ gcloud topic filters\fR for filter expression details.



.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR; default=500
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is \fB500\fR. Paging may be
applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all compute instances URIs with names starting with \f5test\fR or
\f5prod\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resources list \-\-uri \e
    \-\-filter="@type:compute.instances name:(test prod)"
.RE

Print the number of resources with any part containing the substring
\f5foobar\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resources list \-\-filter="foobar" \-\-uri | wc \-l
.RE

The previous command uses \f5\-\-uri\fR to count because each output line is the
URI for one resource. Otherwise the resource descriptions could be multiple
lines per resource.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

