
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_SERVICES_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha service\-directory services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha service\-directory services add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fISERVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a service.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Service resource \- The Service Directory service to add IAM policy binding to.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[service] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICE\fR
ID of the service or fully qualified identifier for the service. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-namespace\fR=\fINAMESPACE\fR
The name of the namespace for the service.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding to a Service Directory service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory services add\-iam\-policy\-binding \e
    my\-service \-\-namespace=my\-namespace \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-role=roles/owner \-\-member=user:foo@gmail.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory services add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

