
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_VPN\-TUNNELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute vpn\-tunnels create \- create a VPN tunnel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute vpn\-tunnels create\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-shared\-secret\fR=\fISHARED_SECRET\fR (\fB\-\-peer\-address\fR=\fIPEER_ADDRESS\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-peer\-external\-gateway\fR=\fIPEER_EXTERNAL_GATEWAY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-peer\-gcp\-gateway\fR=\fIPEER_GCP_GATEWAY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-peer\-gcp\-gateway\-region\fR=\fIPEER_GCP_GATEWAY_REGION\fR) (\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fIVPN_GATEWAY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fIVPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-ike\-version\fR=\fIIKE_VERSION\fR] [\fB\-\-interface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR] [\fB\-\-local\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-peer\-external\-gateway\-interface\fR=\fIPEER_EXTERNAL_GATEWAY_INTERFACE\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-remote\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR] [\fB\-\-router\-region\fR=\fIROUTER_REGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute vpn\-tunnels create\fR is used to create a
VPN tunnel between a VPN Gateway in Google Cloud Platform and an external
gateway that is identified by \-\-peer\-address.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the VPN Tunnel to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-shared\-secret\fR=\fISHARED_SECRET\fR
Shared secret consisting of printable characters. Valid arguments match the
regular expression [ \-~]+

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-address\fR=\fIPEER_ADDRESS\fR
Valid IP\-v4 address representing the remote tunnel endpoint, the peer address
must be specified when creating Classic VPN tunnels from Classic Target VPN
Gateway

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-external\-gateway\fR=\fIPEER_EXTERNAL_GATEWAY\fR
Peer side external VPN gateway representing the remote tunnel endpoint, this
flag is used when creating HA VPN tunnels from Google Cloud to your external VPN
gateway.Either \-\-peer\-external\-gateway or \-\-peer\-gcp\-gateway must be
specified when creating VPN tunnels from High Available VPN gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-gcp\-gateway\fR=\fIPEER_GCP_GATEWAY\fR
Reference to the peer side Highly Available VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-gcp\-gateway\-region\fR=\fIPEER_GCP_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
Region of the VPN Gateway to operate on. Should be the same as region, if not
specified, it will be automatically set. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY\fR
A reference to a Cloud VPN Classic Target VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fITARGET_VPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
Region of the Target VPN Gateway to operate on. Should be the same as region, if
not specified, it will be automatically set. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpn\-gateway\fR=\fIVPN_GATEWAY\fR
Reference to a Highly Available VPN Gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vpn\-gateway\-region\fR=\fIVPN_GATEWAY_REGION\fR
Region of the VPN Gateway to operate on. Should be the same as region, if not
specified, it will be automatically set. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the VPN tunnel.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ike\-version\fR=\fIIKE_VERSION\fR
Internet Key Exchange protocol version number. Default is 2. \fIIKE_VERSION\fR
must be one of: \fB1\fR, \fB2\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-interface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR
Numeric interface ID of the VPN gateway with which this VPN tunnel is
associated. This flag is required if the tunnel is being attached to a High
Availability VPN gateway. This option is only available for use with High
Availability VPN gateway and must be omitted if the tunnel is going to be
connected to a Classic VPN gateway. \fIINTERFACE\fR must be one of: \fB0\fR,
\fB1\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]
Traffic selector is an agreement between IKE peers to permit traffic through a
tunnel if the traffic matches a specified pair of local and remote addresses.

\-\-local\-traffic\-selector allows to configure the local addresses that are
permitted. The value should be a comma separated list of CIDR formatted strings.
Example: 192.168.0.0/16,10.0.0.0/24.

Local traffic selector must be specified only for VPN tunnels that do not use
dynamic routing with a Cloud Router. Omit this flag when creating a tunnel using
dynamic routing, including a tunnel for a highly available VPN gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-peer\-external\-gateway\-interface\fR=\fIPEER_EXTERNAL_GATEWAY_INTERFACE\fR
Interface ID of the external VPN gateway to which this VPN tunnel is connected
to. This flag is required if the tunnel is being created from a High
Availability VPN gateway to an External Vpn Gateway.
\fIPEER_EXTERNAL_GATEWAY_INTERFACE\fR must be one of: \fB0\fR, \fB1\fR, \fB2\fR,
\fB3\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the VPN Tunnel to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remote\-traffic\-selector\fR=\fICIDR\fR,[\fICIDR\fR,...]
Traffic selector is an agreement between IKE peers to permit traffic through a
tunnel if the traffic matches a specified pair of local and remote addresses.

\-\-remote\-traffic\-selector allows to configure the remote addresses that are
permitted. The value should be a comma separated list of CIDR formatted strings.
Example: 192.168.0.0/16,10.0.0.0/24.

Remote traffic selector must be specified for VPN tunnels that do not use
dynamic routing with a Cloud Router. Omit this flag when creating a tunnel using
dynamic routing, including a tunnel for a highly available VPN gateway.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\fR=\fIROUTER\fR
The Router to use for dynamic routing.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-router\-region\fR=\fIROUTER_REGION\fR
Region of the router to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute vpn\-tunnels create
$ gcloud beta compute vpn\-tunnels create
.RE

