
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_TRIGGERS_CREATE_GITHUB" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds triggers create github \- create a build trigger for a GitHub repository



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds triggers create github\fR (\fB\-\-trigger\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-repo\-name\fR=\fIREPO_NAME\fR\ \fB\-\-repo\-owner\fR=\fIREPO_OWNER\fR\ (\fB\-\-branch\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-tag\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR\ |\ [\fB\-\-pull\-request\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-comment\-control\fR=\fICOMMENT_CONTROL\fR;\ default=CommentControlValueValuesEnum(COMMENTS_ENABLED,\ 1)])\ (\fB\-\-build\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR\ \fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR\ \fB\-\-dockerfile\-dir\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_DIR\fR;\ default="/"\ \fB\-\-dockerfile\-image\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_IMAGE\fR)\ :\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-ignored\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-included\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR]) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a build trigger for a GitHub repository.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-trigger\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to Build Trigger config file (JSON or YAML format). For more details, see
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/api/reference/rest/v1/projects.triggers#BuildTrigger

.TP 2m

Flag based trigger configuration

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repo\-name\fR=\fIREPO_NAME\fR
Name of the GitHub Repository. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-repo\-owner\fR=\fIREPO_OWNER\fR
Owner of the GitHub Repository. This flag must be specified if any of the other
arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Build trigger description.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ignored\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]
Glob filter. Changes only affecting ignored files won't trigger builds.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-included\-files\fR=[\fIGLOB\fR,...]
Glob filter. Changes affecting at least one included file will trigger builds.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Build trigger name.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-branch\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR
A regular expression specifying which git branches to match.

This pattern is used as a regex search for any incoming pushes. For example,
\-\-branch\-pattern=foo will match "foo", "foobar", and "barfoo". Events on a
branch that does not match will be ignored.

The syntax of the regular expressions accepted is the syntax accepted by RE2 and
described at https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-tag\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR
A regular expression specifying which git tags to match.

This pattern is used as a regex search for any incoming pushes. For example,
\-\-tag\-pattern=foo will match "foo", "foobar", and "barfoo". Events on a tag
that does not match will be ignored.

The syntax of the regular expressions accepted is the syntax accepted by RE2 and
described at https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax.

.TP 2m

Pull Request settings

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-pull\-request\-pattern\fR=\fIREGEX\fR
A regular expression specifying which base git branch to match for pull request
events.

This pattern is used as a regex search for the base branch (the branch you are
trying to merge into) for pull request updates. For example,
\-\-pull\-request\-pattern=foo will match "foo", "foobar", and "barfoo".

The syntax of the regular expressions accepted is the syntax accepted by RE2 and
described at https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-comment\-control\fR=\fICOMMENT_CONTROL\fR; default=CommentControlValueValuesEnum(COMMENTS_ENABLED, 1)
Require a repository collaborator or owner to comment '/gcbrun' on a pull
request before running the build.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Build file configuration flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-build\-config\fR=\fIPATH\fR
Path to a YAML or JSON file containing the build configuration in the
repository.

For more details, see: https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/build\-config

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-substitutions\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Parameters to be substituted in the build specification.

For example (using some nonsensical substitution keys; all keys must begin with
an underscore):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud builds triggers create ... \-\-config config.yaml
    \-\-substitutions _FAVORITE_COLOR=blue,_NUM_CANDIES=10
.RE

This will result in a build where every occurrence of \f5${_FAVORITE_COLOR}\fR
in certain fields is replaced by "blue", and similarly for \f5${_NUM_CANDIES}\fR
and "10".

Only the following built\-in variables can be specified with the
\f5\-\-substitutions\fR flag: REPO_NAME, BRANCH_NAME, TAG_NAME, REVISION_ID,
COMMIT_SHA, SHORT_SHA.

For more details, see:
https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-build/docs/api/build\-requests#substitutions

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Dockerfile build configuration flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE\fR
Path of Dockerfile to use for builds in the repository.

If specified, a build config will be generated to run docker build using the
specified file.

The filename is relative to the Dockerfile directory.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\-dir\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_DIR\fR; default="/"
Location of the directory containing the Dockerfile in the repository.

The directory will also be used as the Docker build context.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dockerfile\-image\fR=\fIDOCKERFILE_IMAGE\fR
Docker image name to build.

If not specified, gcr.io/PROJECT/github.com/REPO_OWNER/REPO_NAME:$COMMIT_SHA
will be used.

Use a build configuration (cloudbuild.yaml) file for building multiple images in
a single trigger.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a push trigger for all branches:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers create github \-\-name="my\-trigger" \e
    \-\-repo\-owner="GoogleCloudPlatform" \e
    \-\-repo\-name="cloud\-builders" \-\-branch\-pattern=".*" \e
    \-\-build\-config="cloudbuild.yaml"
.RE

To create a pull request trigger for master:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha builds triggers create github \-\-name="my\-trigger" \e
    \-\-repo\-owner="GoogleCloudPlatform" \e
    \-\-repo\-name="cloud\-builders" \-\-pull\-request\-pattern="^master$" \e
    \-\-build\-config="cloudbuild.yaml"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds triggers create github
.RE

