
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TPUS_REIMAGE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute tpus reimage \- reimages the OS on a Cloud TPU



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute tpus reimage\fR (\fITPU\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Reimages the OS on a Cloud TPU.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tpu resource \- The Cloud TPU you want to reimage. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the flag [tpu] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITPU\fR
The ID of the tpu or a fully qualified identifier for the tpu. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The compute/zone of the Cloud TPU.

If not specified, will use \f5default\fR compute/zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR
TensorFlow version for the TPU, such as \f51.6\fR. For a list of available
TensorFlow versions please see https://www.tensorflow.org/versions/.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBtpu/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/tpu/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute tpus reimage
.RE

