
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BIGTABLE_BACKUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bigtable backups create \- creates a backup of a Cloud Bigtable table



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bigtable backups create\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR (\fB\-\-expiration\-date\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_DATE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-retention\-period\fR=\fIRETENTION_PERIOD\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a backup of a Cloud Bigtable table.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- The Cloud Bigtable backup to create. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR
ID of the table from which the backup will be created.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\-date\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_DATE\fR
Absolute expiration time of the backup, must be at least 6 hours and at most 30
days from the time the request is received. See \f5$ gcloud topic datetimes\fR
for information on date/time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retention\-period\fR=\fIRETENTION_PERIOD\fR
Retention period of the backup relative from now, must be at least 6 hours and
at most 30 days. See \f5$ gcloud topic datetimes\fR for information on duration
formats.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a backup 'BACKUP_NAME' asyncronously from table 'TABLE_NAME' which
expires at '2019\-03\-30T10:49:41Z', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable backups create BACKUP_NAME \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME \-\-cluster=CLUSTER_NAME
\-\-table=TABLE_NAME \-\-expiration\-date=2019\-03\-30T10:49:41Z \-\-async
.RE

To create a backup 'BACKUP_NAME' syncronously from table 'TABLE_NAME' which
expires in 2 weeks from now, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable backups create BACKUP_NAME \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME \-\-cluster=CLUSTER_NAME
\-\-table=TABLE_NAME \-\-retention\-period=2w
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable backups create
$ gcloud beta bigtable backups create
.RE

