
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha container binauthz policy \- create and manage Google Binary Authorization policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha container binauthz policy\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Google Binary Authorization policy.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Binary Authorization policy.

.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export the Binary Authorization policy for the current project.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Binary Authorization policy.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import a Binary Authorization policy to the current project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Binary Authorization policy.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Binary Authorization policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz policy
.RE

