
.TH "GCLOUD_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud kms keys versions restore \- restore a version scheduled for destruction



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud kms keys versions restore\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR] [\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Restores the given version that was scheduled to be destroyed.

This moves the version from Scheduled for destruction to Disabled. Only versions
which are Scheduled for destruction can be Restored.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to restore.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
Key ring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the keyring.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command restores version 9 of key \f5frodo\fR within keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR which was previously scheduled for
destruction:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions restore 9 \-\-location=us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring=fellowship \-\-key=frodo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions restore
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions restore
.RE

