
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_DEVELOPERS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee developers describe \- describe an Apigee developer



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee developers describe\fR (\fIDEVELOPER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an Apigee developer.

\f5gcloud alpha apigee developers describe\fR retrieves the developer's details,
including the developer's name, email address, apps, and other information.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Developer resource \- Email address of the developer to be described. To get a
list of available developers, run \f5gcloud alpha apigee developers list\fR. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEVELOPER\fR
ID of the developer or fully qualified identifier for the developer. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Apigee organization containing the developer. If unspecified, the Cloud Platform
project's associated organization will be used.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a developer for the active Cloud Platform project whose email
address is \f5\fIlarry@example.com\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee developers describe larry@example.com
.RE

To describe that developer in the Apigee organization \f5\fImy\-org\fR\fR,
formatted as a JSON object, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee developers describe larry@example.com \e
  \-\-organization=my\-org \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee developers describe
$ gcloud beta apigee developers describe
.RE

