
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_IMPORT_CSV" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql import csv \- imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from a CSV file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql import csv\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR \fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR, \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR \fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-columns\fR=\fICOLUMNS\fR,[\fICOLUMNS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from a plain text file in a
Google Cloud Storage bucket with one line per row and comma\-separated fields.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
Path to the MySQL dump file in Google Cloud Storage from which the import is
made. The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/fileName. Compressed gzip files
(.gz) are also supported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR, \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR
The database (for example, guestbook) to which the import is made.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-table\fR=\fITABLE\fR
The database table to import csv file into.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-columns\fR=\fICOLUMNS\fR,[\fICOLUMNS\fR,...]
The columns to import from csv file. These correspond to actual database columns
to import. If not set, all columns from csv file are imported to corresponding
database columns.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR
The PostgreSQL user for this import operation


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql import csv
.RE

