
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_TRUSTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta active\-directory domains trusts create \- create a Microsoft Active Directory Trust between a Managed Microsoft AD domain and another domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta active\-directory domains trusts create\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR \fB\-\-target\-dns\-ip\-addresses\fR=[\fITARGET_DNS_IP_ADDRESSES\fR,...] \fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR;\ default="BIDIRECTIONAL"] [\fB\-\-handshake\-secret\fR=\fIHANDSHAKE_SECRET\fR] [\fB\-\-selective\-authentication\fR] [\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR;\ default="FOREST"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Microsoft Active Directory Trust between a Managed
Microsoft AD domain and another domain.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The domain specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given domain.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
A trust already exists with the same target domain name.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create AD trusts.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to create an
AD trust from. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-dns\-ip\-addresses\fR=[\fITARGET_DNS_IP_ADDRESSES\fR,...]
Target DNS server IP addresses that can resolve the target domain.

Only IPv4 is supported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-target\-domain\-name\fR=\fITARGET_DOMAIN_NAME\fR
Target domain name for the Managed Microsoft AD Trust.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-direction\fR=\fIDIRECTION\fR; default="BIDIRECTIONAL"
Direction of the trust.

Must be one of: INBOUND, OUTBOUND, BIDIRECTIONAL. Default is BIDIRECTIONAL.

\fIDIRECTION\fR must be one of: \fBbidirectional\fR, \fBinbound\fR,
\fBoutbound\fR, \fBtrust\-direction\-unspecified\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-handshake\-secret\fR=\fIHANDSHAKE_SECRET\fR
Trust handshake secret with target domain. The secret will not be stored. If not
specified, command will prompt user for secret.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-selective\-authentication\fR
If specified, trusted side will only have selective access to approved set of
resources.

Otherwise, the trusted side has forest/domain wide access. Default is false.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-type\fR=\fITYPE\fR; default="FOREST"
Type of the trust. Must be FOREST or EXTERNAL. Default is FOREST. \fITYPE\fR
must be one of: \fBexternal\fR, \fBforest\fR, \fBtrust\-type\-unspecified\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1beta1\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates an external, bidirectional AD trust between
\f5my\-domain.com\fR and \f5target\-domain.com\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains trusts create my\-domain.com \e
    \-\-target\-domain\-name=target\-domain.com
\-\-target\-dns\-ip\-addresses=10.177.0.2 \-\-type=EXTERNAL \-\-direction=BIDIRECTIONAL
\-\-selective\-authentication=false \-\-async
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains trusts create
.RE

