
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATABASE\-MIGRATION_MIGRATION\-JOBS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs describe \- show details about a migration job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs describe\fR (\fIMIGRATION_JOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a migration job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Migration job resource \- The migration job you want to get the details of. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [migration_job]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMIGRATION_JOB\fR
ID of the migration_job or fully qualified identifier for the migration_job.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the region.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatamigration/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/datamigration/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show details about a migration job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha database\-migration migration\-jobs describe \e
    my\-migration\-job \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

