
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_SECURITY\-POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute security\-policies create \- create a Compute Engine security policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute security\-policies create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-file\-format\fR=\fIFILE_FORMAT\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-file\-name\fR=\fIFILE_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute security\-policies create\fR is used to
create security policies. A security policy policy is a set of rules that
controls access to various resources.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the security policy to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-format\fR=\fIFILE_FORMAT\fR
The format of the file to create the security policy config from. Specify either
yaml or json. Defaults to yaml if not specified. Will be ignored if
\-\-file\-name is not specified. \fIFILE_FORMAT\fR must be one of: \fBjson\fR,
\fByaml\fR.

.TP 2m

Creation options. At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the security policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\-name\fR=\fIFILE_NAME\fR
The name of the JSON or YAML file to create a security policy config from.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute security\-policies create
$ gcloud alpha compute security\-policies create
.RE

