
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_WEB\-SECURITY\-SCANNER_SCAN\-CONFIGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs \- manage Cloud Web Security Scanner scan configs resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud Web Security Scanner scan
configs resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Web Security Scanner ScanConfig.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a scan config.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a scan config.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all scan configs.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Web Security Scanner ScanConfig.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

