
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DRY\-RUN_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run describe \- display the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run describe\fR (\fIPERIMETER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The dry\-run mode configuration is presented as a diff against the
enforcement mode configuration. '+' indicates additions, '\-' indicates removals
and entries without either of those indicate that they are the same across the
dry\-run and the enforcement mode configurations. When a particular field is
completely empty, it is displayed as 'NONE'.

Note: When this command is executed on a Service Perimeter with no explicit
dry\-run mode configuration, the effective dry\-run mode configuration is
inherited from the enforcement mode configuration, and thus, the enforcement
mode configuration is displayed in such cases.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Perimeter resource \- The service perimeter to describe. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPERIMETER\fR
ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To display the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run describe \e
    my\-perimeter
.RE

Sample output:

.RS 2m
name: my_perimeter
title: My Perimeter
type: PERIMETER_TYPE_REGULAR
resources:
   +projects/123
   \-projects/456
    projects/789
restrictedServices:
  +bigquery.googleapis.com
  \-storage.googleapis.com
   bigtable.googleapis.com
accessLevels:
   NONE
vpcAccessibleServices:
  enableRestriction: False \-> True
  allowedServices:
    +bigquery.googleapis.com
    \-storage.googleapis.com
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run describe
.RE

