
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_DATASETS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare datasets describe \- describe a Cloud Healthcare API dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare datasets describe\fR (\fIDATASET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Healthcare API dataset.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dataset resource \- Cloud Healthcare API dataset to describe. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dataset] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATASET\fR
ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the dataset 'test\-dataset', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare datasets describe test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare datasets describe
.RE

