
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_PROJECTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha projects create \- create a new project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha projects create\fR [\fIPROJECT_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-apis\fR] [\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR] [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-set\-as\-default\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a new project with the given project ID. By default,
projects are not created under a parent resource. To do so, use either the
\-\-organization or \-\-folder flag.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIPROJECT_ID\fR]
ID for the project you want to create.

Project IDs are immutable and can be set only during project creation. They must
start with a lowercase letter and can have lowercase ASCII letters, digits or
hyphens. Project IDs must be between 6 and 30 characters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-cloud\-apis\fR
Enable cloudapis.googleapis.com during creation. Enabled by default, use
\fB\-\-no\-enable\-cloud\-apis\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER_ID\fR
ID for the folder to use as a parent

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-name\fR=\fINAME\fR
Name for the project you want to create. If not specified, will use project id
as name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION_ID\fR
ID for the organization to use as a parent

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-set\-as\-default\fR
Set newly created project as [core.project] property.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a project with ID \f5example\-foo\-bar\-1\fR, name
\f5Happy project\fR and label \f5type=happy\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects create example\-foo\-bar\-1 \e
    \-\-name="Happy project" \-\-labels=type=happy
.RE

By default, projects are not created under a parent resource. The following
command creates a project with ID \f5example\-2\fR with parent
\f5folders/12345\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects create example\-2 \-\-folder=12345
.RE

The following command creates a project with ID \f5example\-3\fR with parent
\f5organizations/2048\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects create example\-3 \-\-organization=2048
.RE



.SH "SEE ALSO"

See https://support.google.com/cloud/answer/6251787 for information on creating
or deleting projects from the Google Cloud Platform Console.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects create
$ gcloud beta projects create
.RE

