
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_GEN\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app gen\-config \- generate missing configuration files for a source directory



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app gen\-config\fR [\fISOURCE_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR] [\fB\-\-custom\fR] [\fB\-\-runtime\fR=\fIRUNTIME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command is deprecated and will soon be
removed.

As an alternative, create an app.yaml file yourself using the directions at
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/python/configuring\-your\-app\-with\-app\-yaml
(App Engine Flexible Environment) or
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/config/appref (App
Engine Standard Environment) under the tab for your language.

To create a custom runtime, please follow the instructions at
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/flexible/custom\-runtimes/


This command generates all relevant config files (app.yaml, Dockerfile and a
build Dockerfile) for your application in the current directory or emits an
error message if the source directory contents are not recognized.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fISOURCE_DIR\fR]
The source directory to fingerprint.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
The yaml file defining the service configuration. This is normally one of the
generated files, but when generating a custom runtime there can be an app.yaml
containing parameters.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-custom\fR
If true, generate config files for a custom runtime. This will produce a
Dockerfile, a .dockerignore file and an app.yaml (possibly other files as well,
depending on the runtime).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-runtime\fR=\fIRUNTIME\fR
Generate config files for a given runtime. Can be used in conjunction with
\-\-custom. Allowed runtimes are: contrib\-dart, dart, go, php, php55, php72,
python, python27, python\-compat, java, java7, java8, nodejs, ruby.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To generate configs for the current directory:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app gen\-config
.RE

To generate configs for ~/my_app:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app gen\-config ~/my_app
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

