
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_ASSETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc assets \- manage Cloud SCC assets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc assets\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud SCC assets.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an asset given its resource name or asset id.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-parent\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the Parent for an asset given its resource name or asset id.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-project\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the Project for an asset given its resource name or asset id.

.TP 2m
\fBgroup\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Filter an organization's assets and groups them by their specified
properties.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Security Command Center assets.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-marks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List an assets's security marks.

.TP 2m
\fBrun\-discovery\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Scan an organization for new/modified/deleted assets.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-marks\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Cloud Security Command Center asset's security marks.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc assets
$ gcloud beta scc assets
.RE

