
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_OS\-LOGIN_REMOVE\-PROFILE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute os\-login remove\-profile \- remove the posix account information for the current user



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute os\-login remove\-profile\fR [\fB\-\-operating\-system\fR=\fIOPERATING_SYSTEM\fR;\ default="linux"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute os\-login remove\-profile\fR removes the
posix account information for the current user where the account ID field is set
to the current project ID. Posix account entries for G Suite users do not set
the account ID field and can only be modified by a domain administrator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-operating\-system\fR=\fIOPERATING_SYSTEM\fR; default="linux"
Specifies the profile type to remove. \fIOPERATING_SYSTEM\fR must be one of:
\fBlinux\fR, \fBwindows\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute os\-login remove\-profile
$ gcloud beta compute os\-login remove\-profile
.RE

