
.TH "GCLOUD_PROJECTS_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud projects remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding for a project



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud projects remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIPROJECT_ID\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Removes a policy binding to the IAM policy of a project, given a project ID and
the binding.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPROJECT_ID\fR
ID for the project you want to remove IAM policy binding from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on project with identifier 'example\-project\-id\-1',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects remove\-iam\-policy\-binding example\-project\-id\-1 \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

To remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' from all
authenticated users on project 'example\-project\-id\-1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud projects remove\-iam\-policy\-binding example\-project\-id\-1 \e
    \-\-member='allAuthenticatedUsers' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha projects remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta projects remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

