
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DNS_RECORD\-SETS_TRANSACTION" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction \- make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR;\ default="transaction.yaml"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-transaction\-file\fR=\fITRANSACTION_FILE\fR; default="transaction.yaml"
Path of the file which contains the transaction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBabort\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Abort transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBadd\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Append a record\-set addition to the transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe the transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBexecute\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Execute the transaction on Cloud DNS.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Append a record\-set deletion to the transaction.

.TP 2m
\fBstart\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Start a transaction.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction start \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To append a record\-set addition to the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction add \e
    \-\-name RECORD_SET_NAME \-\-ttl TTL \-\-type TYPE DATA \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To append a record\-set removal to the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction remove \e
    \-\-name RECORD_SET_NAME \-\-ttl TTL \-\-type TYPE DATA
.RE

To look at the details of the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction describe \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To delete the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction abort \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To execute the transaction, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns record\-sets transaction execute \e
    \-\-zone=MANAGED_ZONE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets transaction
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction
.RE

