
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_INSTANCES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner instances create \- create a Cloud Spanner instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner instances create\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-nodes\fR=\fINODES\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Spanner instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud Spanner instance ID.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-config\fR=\fICONFIG\fR
Instance configuration defines the geographic placement and replication of the
databases in that instance. Available configurations can be found by running
"gcloud spanner instance\-configs list"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Description of the instance.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-nodes\fR=\fINODES\fR
Number of nodes for the instance.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Cloud Spanner instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner instances create my\-instance\-id \e
    \-\-config=regional\-us\-east1
    \-\-description=my\-instance\-display\-name \-\-nodes=3
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner instances create
$ gcloud beta spanner instances create
.RE

