
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns policies create \- creates a new Cloud DNS policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns policies create\fR \fIPOLICY\fR \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR \fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORKS\fR,...] [\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command creates a new Cloud DNS policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The policy to create. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [policy] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY\fR
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description of the policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-networks\fR=[\fINETWORKS\fR,...]
The comma separated list of network names to associate with the policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-alternative\-name\-servers\fR=[\fINAME_SERVERS\fR,...]
List of alternative name servers to forward to. Non\-RFC1918 addresses will
forward to the target through the Internet.RFC1918 addresses will forward
through the VPC.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding\fR
Specifies whether to allow networks bound to this policy to receive DNS queries
sent by VMs or applications over VPN connections. Defaults to False.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-logging\fR
Specifies whether to enable query logging. Defaults to False.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new policy with minimal arguments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns policies create mypolicy \e
\-\-description='My new policy test policy 5' \e
\-\-networks=''
.RE

To create a new policy with all optional arguments, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns policies create mypolicy \e
\-\-description='My new policy test policy 5' \e
\-\-networks=network1,network2 \e
\-\-alternative\-name\-servers=192.168.1.1,192.168.1.2 \e
\-\-enable\-inbound\-forwarding \e
\-\-enable\-logging
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dns policies create
$ gcloud beta dns policies create
.RE

