
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container binauthz attestors \- create and manage Google Binary Authorization Attestation Authorities



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container binauthz attestors\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage Google Binary Authorization Attestation
Authorities.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBpublic\-keys\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create and manage public keys associated with Attestation
Authorities.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Binary Authorization attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe an Attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for an attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Attestors associated with the current project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding of a Binary Authorization attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for an attestor.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing Attestor.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors
.RE

