
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_DATASETS_DEIDENTIFY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare datasets deidentify \- create a new Cloud Healthcare API dataset containing de\-identified data from the source dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare datasets deidentify\fR (\fIDATASET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-destination\-dataset\fR=\fIDESTINATION_DATASET\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-default\-fhir\-config\fR] [\fB\-\-dicom\-filter\-tags\fR=[\fIDICOM_FILTER_TAGS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-text\-redaction\-mode\fR=\fITEXT_REDACTION_MODE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new Cloud Healthcare API dataset containing
de\-identified data from the source dataset.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dataset resource \- Source Cloud Healthcare API dataset to deidentify. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dataset] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project]
on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATASET\fR
ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-dataset\fR=\fIDESTINATION_DATASET\fR
The name of the dataset resource to which the redacted data should be written
(e.g., projects/{projectId}/locations/{locationId}/datasets/{datasetId}). The
new dataset must not exist, or the request will fail.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-fhir\-config\fR
Deidentify FHIR data with default configurations.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dicom\-filter\-tags\fR=[\fIDICOM_FILTER_TAGS\fR,...]
Tags to be filtered. Tags must be DICOM Data Elements, File Meta Elements, or
Directory Structuring Elements, as defined at:
http://dicom.nema.org/medical/dicom/current/output/html/part06.html#table_6\-1,.
They may be provided by "Keyword" or "Tag". For example "PatientID",
"0010,0010".

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-text\-redaction\-mode\fR=\fITEXT_REDACTION_MODE\fR
Determines how to redact text from image. \fITEXT_REDACTION_MODE\fR must be
(currently only one value is supported):

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBall\fR
Redact all text.

.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To generate a de\-identified version of the dataset 'test\-dataset', run the
command below. To skip the FHIR stores, omit the \-\-default\-fhir\-config flag,
and to skip DICOM stores, omit the \-\-dicom\-filter\-tags flag.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha healthcare datasets deidentify test\-dataset \e
    \-\-destination\-dataset=projects/{projectId}/locations/\e
us\-central1/datasets/test\-deid\-dataset \-\-default\-fhir\-config \e
    \-\-dicom\-filter\-tags=MediaStorageSOPClassUID,SeriesInstanceUID,\e
StudyInstanceUID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare datasets deidentify
.RE

