
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_WORKER\-POOLS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools create \- create a worker pool in the specified instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools create\fR (\fIWORKERPOOL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-worker\-count\fR=\fIWORKER_COUNT\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR;\ default=200] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR;\ default="n1\-standard\-2"] [\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-access\fR=\fINETWORK_ACCESS\fR;\ default="public"] [\fB\-\-reserved\fR] [\fB\-\-accelerator\-count\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_COUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a worker pool in the specified instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workerpool resource \- Arguments and flags specifying the worker pool you want
to create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[workerpool] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKERPOOL\fR
ID of the workerpool or fully qualified identifier for the workerpool. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Instance name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-count\fR=\fIWORKER_COUNT\fR
Number of workers that should be in the worker pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disk\-size\fR=\fIDISK_SIZE\fR; default=200
Size of the disk, in Gb, for each worker. Defaults to 200Gb.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR; default="n1\-standard\-2"
Type of VM to use for each worker. To get a list of valid machine types, use the
following command:

$ gcloud compute machine\-types list

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR
Minimum CPU platform for the workers. For more information see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/cpu\-platforms.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-access\fR=\fINETWORK_ACCESS\fR; default="public"
Level of network access available to the pool. \fINETWORK_ACCESS\fR must be one
of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBprivate\fR
Workers can only connect to Google APIs and services.

.TP 2m
\fBpublic\fR
Workers can connect to the public internet.

.TP 2m
\fBrestricted\-private\fR
Workers can only connect to Google APIs that are reachable through
\f5restricted.googleapis.com\fR (\f5199.36.153.4/30\fR).

.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-reserved\fR
Determines the type of VM to use. If set then reserved VMs are used, otherwise
preemptable VMs are used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-count\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_COUNT\fR
Number of the guest accelerator cards attached to each VM in the pool.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR
Type of accelerator to attach to each VM in the pool, e.g. 'nvidia\-tesla\-k80'
for nVidia Tesla K80. Run \f5gcloud compute accelerator\-types list\fR to learn
about all available accelerator types.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBremotebuildexecution/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/remote\-build\-execution/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a worker pool called 'pool1' in the instance
called 'default_instance' with 25 workers configured with default machine type
(n1\-standard\-2) and disk size (200Gb):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools create pool1 \e
    \-\-instance=default_instance \-\-worker\-count=25
.RE

The following command creates a worker pool called 'heftypool' in the instance
called 'default_instance' with 5 workers configured with 64 cores and 2000Gb
disks:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools create \e
    heftypool \-\-instance=default_instance \-\-worker\-count=5 \e
    \-\-disk\-size=2000 \-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-64
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

