
.TH "GCLOUD_CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud config \- view and edit Cloud SDK properties



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud config\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

The gcloud config command group lets you set, view and unset properties used by
Cloud SDK.

A configuration is a set of properties that govern the behavior of \f5gcloud\fR
and other Cloud SDK tools. The initial \f5default\fR configuration is set when
\f5gcloud init\fR is run. You can create additional named configurations using
\f5gcloud init\fR or \f5gcloud config configurations create\fR.

To display the path of the active configuration along with information about the
current \f5gcloud\fR environment, run $ gcloud info.

To switch between configurations, use \f5gcloud config configurations
activate\fR.

gcloud supports several flags that have the same effect as properties in a
configuration (for example, gcloud supports both the \f5\-\-project\fR flag and
\f5project\fR property). Properties differ from flags in that flags affect
command behavior on a per\-invocation basis. Properties allow you to maintain
the same settings across command executions.

For more information on configurations, see \f5gcloud topic configurations\fR.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBconfigurations\fR
Manage the set of gcloud named configurations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBget\-value\fR
Print the value of a Cloud SDK property.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
View Cloud SDK properties.

.TP 2m
\fBset\fR
Set a Cloud SDK property.

.TP 2m
\fBunset\fR
Unset a Cloud SDK property.


.RE
.sp

.SH "AVAILABLE PROPERTIES"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIcore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaccount\fR
The account gcloud should use for authentication. You can run \f5gcloud auth
list\fR to see the accounts you currently have available.


.TP 2m
\fBcustom_ca_certs_file\fR
Absolute path to a custom CA cert file.


.TP 2m
\fBdefault_regional_backend_service\fR
If True, backend services in \f5gcloud compute backend\-services\fR will be
regional by default. The \f5\-\-global\fR flag will be required for global
backend services.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_color\fR
If True, color will not be used when printing messages in the terminal.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_prompts\fR
If True, the default answer will be assumed for all user prompts. For any
prompts that require user input, an error will be raised. This is equivalent to
either using the global \f5\-\-quiet\fR flag or setting the environment variable
\f5CLOUDSDK_CORE_DISABLE_PROMPTS\fR to 1.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_usage_reporting\fR
If True, anonymous statistics on SDK usage will not be collected. This is value
is set based on your choices during installation, but can be changed at any
time. For more information, see: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/usage\-statistics


.TP 2m
\fBlog_http\fR
If True, log HTTP requests and responses to the logs. You may need to adjust
your \f5verbosity\fR setting if you want to see in the terminal, otherwise it is
available in the log files.


.TP 2m
\fBmax_log_days\fR
Maximum number of days to retain log files before deleting. If set to 0, turns
off log garbage collection and does not delete log files. If unset, defaults to
30.


.TP 2m
\fBpass_credentials_to_gsutil\fR
If True, pass the configured Cloud SDK authentication to gsutil.


.TP 2m
\fBproject\fR
The project id of the Cloud Platform project to operate on by default. This can
be overridden by using the global \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.TP 2m
\fBshow_structured_logs\fR
Controls when JSON structured log messages for the current verbosity and above
will be written to standard error. The default is text format when disabled.
Valid values are: \f5never\fR \- Log messages as text, \f5always\fR \- Always
log messages as JSON, \f5log\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a
file, \f5terminal\fR \- Only log messages as JSON if stderr is a terminal. If
unset default is \f5never\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBtrace_token\fR
Token used to route traces of service requests for investigation of issues. This
token will be provided by Google support.


.TP 2m
\fBuser_output_enabled\fR
If False, messages to the user and command output on both standard output and
standard error will be suppressed.


.TP 2m
\fBverbosity\fR
The default logging verbosity for gcloud commands. This is the equivalent of
using the global \f5\-\-verbosity\fR flag.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIapp\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcloud_build_timeout\fR
The timeout, in seconds, to wait for Docker builds to complete during
deployments. All Docker builds now use the Container Builder API.


.TP 2m
\fBpromote_by_default\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, that version will be
promoted to receive all traffic for the service. The flag can be overridden via
the \f5\-\-promote\-by\-default\fR or \f5\-\-no\-promote\-by\-default\fR flags.


.TP 2m
\fBstop_previous_version\fR
If True, when deploying a new version of a service, the previously deployed
version is stopped. If False, older versions must be stopped manually.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_runtime_builders\fR
If set, opt in/out to a new code path for building applications using
pre\-fabricated runtimes that can be updated independently of client tooling.
(If not set, will use the default path for each runtime.)


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIauth\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisable_credentials\fR
If true, gcloud will not attempt to load any credentials or authenticate any
requests. This is useful if you are behind a proxy that adds authentication to
your requests.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIbilling\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBquota_project\fR
This is the project that will be charged quota for the operations performed in
gcloud. When unset, the default is CURRENT_PROJECT, which will charge quota
against your currently set project for the operations you perform on it. Some
existing APIs will continue to use a shared project for quota by default when
this property is unset. If you need to operate on one project, but charge quota
against a different project, you can use this property to specify the alternate
project.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcomponent_manager\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadditional_repositories\fR
A comma separated list of additional repositories to check for components. This
property is automatically managed by the \f5gcloud components repositories\fR
commands.


.TP 2m
\fBdisable_update_check\fR
If True, the Cloud SDK will not automatically check for updates.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcomposer\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocation\fR
Specifies the Composer location to use. Each Composer locationconstitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying environments into
Compute Engine regions inside the location. This location parameter corresponds
to the /locations/<location> segment of the Composer resource URIs being
referenced.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcompute\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
The default region to use when working with regional Compute Engine resources.
When a \f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
back to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute regions
list\fR.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_new_list_usable_subnets_api\fR
If True, use the new API for listing usable subnets which only returns subnets
in the current project.


.TP 2m
\fBzone\fR
The default zone to use when working with zonal Compute Engine resources. When a
\f5\-\-zone\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall back to
this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud compute zones list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIcontainer\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbuild_timeout\fR
The timeout, in seconds, to wait for container builds to complete.


.TP 2m
\fBcluster\fR
The name of the cluster to use by default when working with Kubernetes Engine.


.TP 2m
\fBnew_scopes_behavior\fR
Use new scopes behavior: if true, do not add compute\-rw, storage\-ro,
service\-control, or service\-management scopes. The former two (compute\-rw and
storage\-ro) only applies to clusters at Kubernetes v1.9 and below; starting in
v1.10, compute\-rw and storage\-ro are not added by default regardless. Any of
these scopes may be added explicitly using \-\-scopes. If true,
\-\-[no\-]enable\-cloud\-endpoints is not allowed. This will be the default
behavior in a future release. This property is ignored in alpha and beta, which
always use the new behavior. See \-\-scopes help for more info.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_application_default_credentials\fR
Use application default credentials to authenticate to the cluster API server.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_client_certificate\fR
Use the cluster's client certificate to authenticate to the cluster API server.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_v1_api\fR
This property is DEPRECATED. If true, all gcloud Kubernetes Engine commands
(regardless of release track) will use the v1 API; otherwise, gcloud beta track
commands will use v1beta1 API and gcloud alpha track commands will use v1alpha1
API. By default, it is set to false. The Kubernetes Engine v1alpha1 API is
whitelist\-only at this time. Note: use_v1_api is an alias of use_v1_api_client.


.TP 2m
\fBuse_v1_api_client\fR
This property is DEPRECATED. If true, all gcloud Kubernetes Engine commands
(regardless of release track) will use the v1 API; otherwise, gcloud beta track
commands will use v1beta1 API and gcloud alpha track commands will use v1alpha1
API. By default, it is set to false. The Kubernetes Engine v1alpha1 API is
whitelist\-only at this time. Note: use_v1_api_client is an alias of use_v1_api.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIdataproc\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIfunctions\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBregion\fR
The default region to use when working with Google Compute functions resources.
When a \f5\-\-region\fR flag is required but not provided, the command will fall
back to this value, if set. To see valid choices, run \f5gcloud functions
regions list\fR.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIgcloudignore\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBenabled\fR
Whether to enable .gcloudignore files (see \f5$ gcloud topic gcloudignore\fR).
If false, turn off the gcloudignore mechanism entirely and upload all files.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIinteractive\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbottom_bindings_line\fR
Display the bottom key bindings line, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBbottom_status_line\fR
Display the bottom status line, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBcompletion_menu_lines\fR
Number of lines in the completion menu.


.TP 2m
\fBcontext\fR
Command context string.


.TP 2m
\fBfixed_prompt_position\fR
Display the prompt at the same position, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBhelp_lines\fR
Maximum number of help snippet lines.


.TP 2m
\fBhidden\fR
Expose hidden commands/flags, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBjustify_bottom_lines\fR
Left\- and right\-justify bottom toolbar lines, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBmanpage_generator\fR
Use the manpage CLI tree generator for unsupported commands, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBmulti_column_completion_menu\fR
Display the completions as a multi\-column menu, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBprompt\fR
Command prompt string.


.TP 2m
\fBshow_help\fR
Show help as command args are entered, if true.


.TP 2m
\fBsuggest\fR
Add command line suggestions based on history, if true.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIml_engine\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBlocal_python\fR
The full path to the Python interpreter to use for Cloud ML Engine local
predict/train jobs. If not specified, will default to using the Python
interpreter found on system PATH.


.TP 2m
\fBpolling_interval\fR
The interval (in seconds) at which to poll logs from your Cloud ML Engine jobs.
Note that making it much faster than the default (60) will quickly use all of
your quota.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIproxy\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBaddress\fR
The hostname or IP address of your proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBpassword\fR
If your proxy requires authentication, the password to use when connecting.


.TP 2m
\fBport\fR
The port to use when connected to your proxy server.


.TP 2m
\fBrdns\fR
If True (default), DNS queries will not be performed locally, and instead,
handed to the proxy to resolve.


.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The type of proxy you are using. Supported proxy types are: [http,
http_no_tunnel, socks4, socks5].


.TP 2m
\fBusername\fR
If your proxy requires authentication, the username to use when connecting.


.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIspanner\fR

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinstance\fR
The default instance to use when working with Cloud Spanner resources. When an
\f5instance\fR is required but not provided by a flag, the command will fall
back to this value, if set.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha config
$ gcloud beta config
.RE

