
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_WEB\-SECURITY\-SCANNER_SCAN\-CONFIGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs describe \- describe a scan config



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs describe\fR \fISCAN_CONFIG\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a scan config.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Scan config resource \- Scan config to get. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [scan_config]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISCAN_CONFIG\fR
ID of the scan_config or fully qualified identifier for the scan_config.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBwebsecurityscanner/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/security\-command\-center/docs/concepts\-web\-security\-scanner\-overview/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command describes the given scan config:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha web\-security\-scanner scan\-configs describe SCAN_CONFIG
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

