
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPOSER_ENVIRONMENTS_STORAGE_DATA_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta composer environments storage data delete \- delete data from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage bucket



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta composer environments storage data delete\fR [\fITARGET\fR] (\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete data from an Cloud Composer environment's Cloud Storage
bucket.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fITARGET\fR]
A relative path to a file or subdirectory to delete within the data Cloud
Storage subdirectory. If not specified, the entire contents of the data
subdirectory will be deleted.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

ENVIRONMENT \- The environment whose data to delete.. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environment\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR
The ID of the environment or a fully qualified identifier for the environment.
This flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the environment.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

