
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DEPLOYMENT\-MANAGER_OPERATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha deployment\-manager operations \- commands for Deployment Manager operations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha deployment\-manager operations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands to list, examine, and wait for long\-running operations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide information about an operation.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List operations in a project.

.TP 2m
\fBwait\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Wait for all operations specified to complete before returning.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To view the details of an operation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager operations describe operation\-name
.RE

To see the list of all operations, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager operations list
.RE

To wait for an operation to complete, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha deployment\-manager operations wait operation\-name
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud deployment\-manager operations
$ gcloud beta deployment\-manager operations
.RE

