
.TH "GCLOUD_SPANNER_INSTANCES_REMOVE\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding \- remove IAM policy binding of a Cloud Spanner instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR] \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Remove an IAM policy binding of a Cloud Spanner instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The Cloud Spanner instance to remove the IAM policy binding
from. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [spanner/instance] with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIINSTANCE\fR]
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to remove the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- anyone who is on the internet, with or without a Google
account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- anyone who is authenticated with a Google account
or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
The role to remove the member from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To Remove an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with instance 'my\-instance', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-instance \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta spanner instances remove\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

