
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_EMULATORS_PUBSUB_START" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta emulators pubsub start \- start a local pubsub emulator



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta emulators pubsub start\fR [\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR] [\fB\-\-host\-port\fR=\fIHOST_PORT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command starts a local pubsub emulator.

On successful start up, you should expect to see:

.RS 2m
...
[pubsub] This is the Google Pub/Sub fake.
[pubsub] Implementation may be incomplete or differ from the real system.
...
[pubsub] INFO: Server started, listening on 8538
.RE



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR
The directory to be used to store/retrieve data/config for an emulator run. The
default value is \f5<USER_CONFIG_DIR>/emulators/pubsub\fR. The value of
USER_CONFIG_DIR can be found by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='get(config.paths.global_config_dir)'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-host\-port\fR=\fIHOST_PORT\fR
The host:port to which the emulator should be bound. The default value is
localhost:8085.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To start a local pubsub emulator, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators pubsub start \-\-data\-dir=DATA\-DIR
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha emulators pubsub start
.RE

