
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FILESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha filestore \- create and manipulate Cloud Filestore resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha filestore\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud filestore command group lets you create, configure and
manipulate Cloud Filestore instances.

With Cloud Filestore, you can take advantage of Google Cloud Platform's scale,
performance, and value to create and run managed file systems on Google
infrastructure.

More information on Cloud Filestore can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/filestore/ and detailed documentation can be found
here: https://cloud.google.com/filestore/docs/



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbackups\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Cloud Filestore backups.

.TP 2m
\fBinstances\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Cloud Filestore instances.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR List locations where Cloud Filestore is
available.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Read and manipulate Cloud Filestore operations.

.TP 2m
\fBregions\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List regions where Cloud Filestore is available.

.TP 2m
\fBsnapshots\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create and manage Cloud Filestore snapshots.

.TP 2m
\fBzones\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List zones where Cloud Filestore is available.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud filestore
$ gcloud beta filestore
.RE

