
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_DOMAIN\-MAPPINGS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run domain\-mappings \- view and manage your Cloud Run domain mappings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run domain\-mappings\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This set of commands can be used to view and manage your service's
domain mappings.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists domain mappings.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list your Cloud Run domain mappings, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run domain\-mappings list
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta run domain\-mappings
.RE

