
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_INSTANCES_DELETE\-FEATURE\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances delete\-feature\-policy \- deletes the feature policy for an instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances delete\-feature\-policy\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes the feature policy for a Remote Build Execution instance,
which will remove any existing limitations on what features can be used during
execution.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments describing the feature policy to delete. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBremotebuildexecution/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/remote\-build\-execution/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following deletes the feature policy for an instance named
\'default_instance':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution instances \e
    delete\-feature\-policy default_instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

