
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_APIGEE_PRODUCTS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha apigee products create \- create an Apigee API product



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha apigee products create\fR [\fIINTERNAL_NAME\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fB\-\-attributes\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-manual\-approval\fR] [\fB\-\-oauth\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-all\-environments\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-environments\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR,[\fIENVIRONMENT\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-all\-proxies\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-apis\fR=[\fIAPI\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-resources\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR#[\fIRESOURCE\fR#...]] [\fB\-\-internal\-access\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-private\-access\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-public\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-quota\fR=\fIQUOTA\fR\ \fB\-\-quota\-interval\fR=\fIQUOTA_INTERVAL\fR\ \fB\-\-quota\-unit\fR=\fIQUOTA_UNIT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create an Apigee API product.

An API product is a collection of API resources combined with quota settings and
metadata, used to deliver customized and productized API bundles to the
developer community. Call this after the API resources to be collected have
already been deployed to a public\-facing environment.

API products enable the repackaging of APIs on\-the\-fly, without having to do
any additional coding or configuration. Apigee recommends starting with a simple
API product including only required elements, and then provisioning credentials
to apps to enable them to start testing your APIs.

At minimum, a new API product requires an internal name, access policy, and
declaration of what environments and API proxies to include in the product. If
these aren't provided, interactive calls will prompt for the missing values, and
non\-interactive calls will fail.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

API product resource \- The API product to be created. Characters in a product's
internal name are restricted to: \f5A\-Za\-z0\-9._\-$ %\fR. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINTERNAL_NAME\fR
ID of the API product or fully qualified identifier for the API product. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization for the API product.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attributes\fR=[\fINAME\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Key\-value attribute pairs that may be used to extend the default API product
profile with customer\-specific metadata. Up to 17 attributes can be specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An overview of the API product. Include key information about the API product
that is not captured by other fields.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The name to be displayed in the UI or developer portal to developers registering
for API access.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-manual\-approval\fR
Require manual approval of developer requests to access this API product before
their consumer keys can be used. If unset, the consumer key is generated in an
"approved" state and can be used immediately.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-oauth\-scopes\fR=[\fISCOPE\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of OAuth scopes that are validated at runtime. Apigee
validates that the scopes in any access token presented match the scopes defined
in the OAuth policy assoicated with the API product.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-environments\fR
Make all environments accessible through this API product.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-environments\fR=\fIENVIRONMENT\fR,[\fIENVIRONMENT\fR,...]
Environments to which the API product is bound. Requests to environments that
are not listed are rejected, preventing developers from accessing those
resources through API Proxies deployed in another environment. For example, this
can prevent resources associated with API proxies in \f5\fIprod\fR\fR from being
accessed by API proxies deployed in \f5\fItest\fR\fR.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Arguments specifying which API proxies and resources to expose. At most one of
these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-all\-proxies\fR
Expose all available API proxies and their resources. Must be explicitly
specified if neither \f5\-\-apis\fR nor \f5\-\-resources\fR is provided.

.TP 2m

Arguments that restrict exposed API proxies. One or both of these may be
specified if \f5\-\-all\-proxies\fR is not:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-apis\fR=[\fIAPI\fR,...]
Comma\-separated names of API proxies to which this API product is bound. Only
those API proxies will be accessible through the new API product.

If not specified, all deployed API proxies will be included in the product, so
long as they match the other parameters.

The API proxy names must already be deployed to the bound environments, or
creation of the API product will fail.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-resources\fR=\fIRESOURCE\fR#[\fIRESOURCE\fR#...]
API resources to be bundled in the API product, separated by \f5#\fR signs.

By default, the resource paths are mapped from the \f5proxy.pathsuffix\fR
variable.

The proxy path suffix is defined as the URI fragment following the ProxyEndpoint
base path. For example, if \f5/forecastrss\fR is given as an element of this
list, and the base path defined for the API proxy is \f5/weather\fR, then only
requests to \f5/weather/forecastrss\fR are permitted by the API product.

Proxy paths can use asterisks as wildcards; \f5/**\fR indicates that all
sub\-URIs are included, whereas a single asterisk indicates that only URIs one
level down are included.

By default, \f5/\fR supports the same resources as \f5/**\fR as well as the base
path defined by the API proxy.

For example, if the base path of the API proxy is \f5/v1/weatherapikey\fR, then
the API product supports requests to \f5/v1/weatherapikey\fR and to any
sub\-URIs, such as \f5/v1/weatherapikey/forecastrss\fR,
\f5/v1/weatherapikey/region/CA\fR, and so on.

If not specified, all deployed API resources will be included in the product, so
long as they match the other parameters.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-internal\-access\fR
Prevent external access to this API product.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-private\-access\fR
Hide this API product in the developer portal but make it accessible by external
developers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-public\-access\fR
Make this API product visible to developers in the Apigee developer portal.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

To impose a quota limit on calls to the API product, specify all of the
following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quota\fR=\fIQUOTA\fR
The number of request messages permitted per app by this API product for the
specified \f5\-\-quota\-interval\fR and \f5\-\-quota\-unit\fR.

For example, \f5\-\-quota=50 \-\-quota\-interval=12 \-\-quota\-unit=hour\fR
means 50 requests are allowed every 12 hours.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quota\-interval\fR=\fIQUOTA_INTERVAL\fR
The time interval over which the number of request messages is calculated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-quota\-unit\fR=\fIQUOTA_UNIT\fR
The time unit for \f5\-\-quota\-interval\fR. \fIQUOTA_UNIT\fR must be one of:
\fBminute\fR, \fBhour\fR, \fBday\fR, \fBmonth\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a basic API product in the active Cloud Platform project by answering
interactive prompts, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create
.RE

To create an API product that publicly exposes all API proxies deployed to the
\f5\fIprod\fR\fR environment, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create kitchen\-sink \e
  \-\-environments=prod \-\-all\-proxies \-\-public\-access
.RE

To expose all API proxies that are deployed to a URI fragment beginning with
\f5/v1\fR or \f5/v0\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create legacy \-\-all\-environments \e
  \-\-resources="/v0/**#/v1/**" \-\-public\-access
.RE

To expose a few specific API proxies on all URI paths where they're deployed,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create consumer \-\-environments=prod \e
  \-\-apis=menu,cart,delivery\-tracker \-\-public\-access
.RE

To expose only those API calls that match both a set of API proxies and a set of
API resources, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create legacy\-consumer \e
  \-\-environments=prod \-\-apis=menu,cart,delivery\-tracker \e
  \-\-resources="/v0/**#/v1/**" \-\-public\-access
.RE

To impose a quota of 50 calls per half\-hour on a new all\-inclusive API
product, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create kitchen\-sink \e
  \-\-environments=prod \-\-all\-proxies \-\-public\-access \-\-quota=50 \e
  \-\-quota\-interval=30 \-\-quota\-unit=minute
.RE

To require manual approval of developers before they can access the new API
product, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create kitchen\-sink \e
  \-\-environments=prod \-\-all\-proxies \-\-public\-access \e
  \-\-manual\-approval
.RE

To hide the new API product while still making it accessible to developers, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create kitchen\-sink \e
  \-\-environments=prod \-\-all\-proxies \-\-private\-access
.RE

To restrict the new API product to internal users only, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create kitchen\-sink \e
  \-\-environments=prod \-\-all\-proxies \-\-internal\-access
.RE

To specify a human\-friendly display name and description for the product, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products create consumer \-\-environments=prod \e
  \-\-apis=menu,cart,delivery\-tracker \-\-public\-access \e
  \-\-display\-name="Consumer APIs" \e
  \-\-description="APIs for the consumer side of the delivery\e
network: ordering food and tracking deliveries."
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

