
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML\-ENGINE_LOCATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml\-engine locations describe \- display CMLE capabilities in a location



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml\-engine locations describe\fR \fILOCATION_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Display CMLE capabilities in a location.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

LOCATION ID \- The location you want to show details for. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: Set the property
[core/project] or provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line. This must
be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILOCATION_ID\fR
The ID of the location or a fully qualified identifier for the location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBml/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API can
be found at: https://cloud.google.com/ml/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

