
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_PULL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions pull \- pulls one or more Cloud Pub/Sub messages from a subscription



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions pull\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fB\-\-auto\-ack\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-messages\fR=\fIMAX_MESSAGES\fR;\ default=1] [\fB\-\-wait\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Returns one or more messages from the specified Cloud Pub/Sub
subscription, if there are any messages enqueued.

By default, this command returns only one message from the subscription. Use the
\f5\-\-limit\fR flag to specify the max messages to return.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
Name of the subscription to pull messages from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-auto\-ack\fR
Automatically ACK every message pulled from this subscription.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-messages\fR=\fIMAX_MESSAGES\fR; default=1
(DEPRECATED) The maximum number of messages that Cloud Pub/Sub can return in
this response.

\f5\-\-max\-messages\fR is deprecated. Please use \-\-limit instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-wait\fR
Wait (for a bounded amount of time) for new messages from the subscription, if
there are none.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates True then that item is listed. For more details and
examples of filter expressions run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag interacts
with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
The maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
A comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default
order is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that
field. This flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud pubsub subscriptions pull
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions pull
.RE

