
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_CRAWLERS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers update \- update a Cloud Data Catalog crawler



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers update\fR \fICRAWLER\fR [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-bundle\-specs\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-bundle\-specs\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-bundle\-specs\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-crawl\-scope\fR=\fICRAWL_SCOPE\fR\ \fB\-\-add\-buckets\fR=[\fIBUCKET\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-clear\-buckets\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-buckets\fR=[\fIBUCKET\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-run\-option\fR=\fIRUN_OPTION\fR\ \fB\-\-run\-schedule\fR=\fIRUN_SCHEDULE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Data Catalog crawler.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Crawler resource \- The crawler to update. This represents a Cloud resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [crawler] on
the command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICRAWLER\fR
ID of the crawler or fully qualified identifier for the crawler.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Textual description of the crawler.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human\-readable display name for the crawler.

.TP 2m

Update bundling specifications. Bundling specifications direct the crawler to
bundle files into filesets based on the patterns provided:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-bundle\-specs\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]
A list of bundling specifications to add to the existing ones.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-bundle\-specs\fR
If specified, clear the existing list of bundling specifications.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-bundle\-specs\fR=[\fIPATTERN\fR,...]
A list of bundling specifications to remove from the existing ones.

.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Arguments to configure the crawler scope:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-crawl\-scope\fR=\fICRAWL_SCOPE\fR
Scope of the crawler. \fICRAWL_SCOPE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbucket\fR
Directs the crawler to crawl specific buckets within the project that owns the
crawler.
.TP 2m
\fBorganization\fR
Directs the crawler to crawl all the buckets of the projects in the organization
that owns the crawler.
.TP 2m
\fBproject\fR
Directs the crawler to crawl all the buckets of the project that owns the
crawler.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m

Update buckets to crawl. These arguments can be provided only if the crawler
will be bucket\-scoped after updating.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-buckets\fR=[\fIBUCKET\fR,...]
List of buckets to add to the crawl scope.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-buckets\fR
If specified, clear the existing list of buckets in the crawl scope.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-buckets\fR=[\fIBUCKET\fR,...]
List of buckets to remove from the crawl scope.

.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Arguments to configure the crawler run scheduling:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-run\-option\fR=\fIRUN_OPTION\fR
Run option of the crawler. \fIRUN_OPTION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBmanual\fR
The crawler run will have to be triggered manually.
.TP 2m
\fBscheduled\fR
The crawler will run automatically on a schedule.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-run\-schedule\fR=\fIRUN_SCHEDULE\fR
Schedule for the crawler run. This argument can be provided only if the crawler
run option will be scheduled after updating. \fIRUN_SCHEDULE\fR must be one of:
\fBdaily\fR, \fBweekly\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1alpha3\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Update the display name of a crawler:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers update crawler1 \e
    \-\-display\-name="my\-crawler"
.RE

Add buckets to a BUCKET\-scoped crawler:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers update crawler1 \e
    \-\-add\-buckets=bucket1,bucket2
.RE

Remove buckets from a BUCKET\-scoped crawler:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers update crawler1 \e
    \-\-remove\-buckets=bucket1,bucket2
.RE

Overwrite buckets in a BUCKET\-scoped crawler with bucket1, bucket2:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers update crawler1 \e
    \-\-clear\-buckets \-\-add\-buckets=bucker1,bucket2
.RE

Change the schedule of a manual crawler to run daily:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog crawlers update crawler1 \e
    \-\-run\-option=SCHEDULED \-\-run\-schedule=DAILY
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

