
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IDENTITY_GROUPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta identity groups update \- update a group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta identity groups update\fR \fIEMAIL\fR [\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-description\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-display\-name\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIEMAIL\fR
The email address of the group to be updated.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR
One or more label entries that apply to the Group. Currently supported labels
contain a key with an empty value.

Google Groups are the default type of group and have a label with a key of
\'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum' and an empty value.

Existing Google Groups can have an additional label with a key of
\'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.security' and an empty value added to
them. \fBThis is an immutable change and the security label cannot be removed
once added.\fR

Dynamic groups have a label with a key of
\'cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.dynamic'.

Identity\-mapped groups for Cloud Search have a label with a key of
\'system/groups/external' and an empty value.

Examples: {"cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum": ""} or
{"system/groups/external": ""}.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-description\fR
Clear existing description on group being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Replace existing description on group being updated.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-display\-name\fR
Clear existing display name on group being updated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Replace existing display name on group being updated.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta identity groups update eng\-discuss@foo.com  \e
    \-\-display\-name="New Engineer Discuss"  \e
    \-\-description="Group for engineering discussions"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups update
$ gcloud alpha identity groups update
.RE

