
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_CREATE\-BACKUP\-SCHEDULE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create\-backup\-schedule \- create a Google Compute Engine Backup Schedule Resource Policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create\-backup\-schedule\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-max\-retention\-days\fR=\fIMAX_RETENTION_DAYS\fR (\fB\-\-weekly\-schedule\-from\-file\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE_FROM_FILE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR\ (\fB\-\-daily\-schedule\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-hourly\-schedule\fR=\fIHOURS\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-weekly\-schedule\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE\fR)) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR\ \fB\-\-snapshot\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute resource\-policies
create\-backup\-schedule creates a Resource Policy which can be attached to
disks and specifies a schedule for taking disk snapshots and how long these
snapshots should be retained.


\fR

.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the resource policy to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-retention\-days\fR=\fIMAX_RETENTION_DAYS\fR
Maximum number of days snapshot can be retained.

.TP 2m

Cycle Frequency Group. Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

From file

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-weekly\-schedule\-from\-file\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE_FROM_FILE\fR
A file which defines a weekly cadence with multiple days and start times. The
format is a JSON/YAML file containing a list of objects with the following
fields:

day: Day of the week with the same choices as \-\-weekly\-schedule. startTime:
Start time of the snapshot schedule with the same format as \-\-start\-time.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

From flags

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-start\-time\fR=\fISTART_TIME\fR
Start time for the disk snapshot schedule to start. This flag must be specified
if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-daily\-schedule\fR
Snapshot schedule occurs daily at START_TIME.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-hourly\-schedule\fR=\fIHOURS\fR
Snapshot schedule occurs every n hours starting at START_TIME.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-weekly\-schedule\fR=\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE\fR
Snapshot schedule occurs weekly on WEEKLY_SCHEDULE at START_TIME.
\fIWEEKLY_CYCLE\fR must be one of: \fBmonday\fR, \fBtuesday\fR, \fBwednesday\fR,
\fBthursday\fR, \fBfriday\fR, \fBsaturday\fR, \fBsunday\fR.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the resource policy to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Snapshot properties

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR
Create an application consistent snapshot by informing the OS to prepare for the
snapshot process.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-snapshot\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

These will be added to the disk snapshots on creation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

