
.TH "GCLOUD_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_LEVELS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud access\-context\-manager levels create \- create a new access level



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud access\-context\-manager levels create\fR (\fILEVEL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) \fB\-\-basic\-level\-spec\fR=\fIBASIC_LEVEL_SPEC\fR \fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-combine\-function\fR=\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR;\ default="and"] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new access level in a given access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Level resource \- The access level to create. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILEVEL\fR
ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-basic\-level\-spec\fR=\fIBASIC_LEVEL_SPEC\fR
Path to a file containing a list of basic access level conditions.

An access level condition file is a YAML\-formatted list of conditions, which
are YAML objects representing a Condition as described in the API reference. For
example:

.RS 2m
 \- ipSubnetworks:
   \- 192.168.100.14/24
   \- 2001:db8::/48
 \- members
   \- user:user@example.com
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-title\fR=\fITITLE\fR
Short human\-readable title of the access level.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-combine\-function\fR=\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR; default="and"
For a basic level, determines how conditions are combined.
\fICOMBINE_FUNCTION\fR must be one of: \fBand\fR, \fBor\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Long\-form description of access level.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels create
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager levels create
.RE

