
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS_ATTACHMENTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments \- read and manipulate Google Compute Engine interconnect attachments



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects attachments\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Google Compute Engine interconnect attachments.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdedicated\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create or manipulate dedicated interconnect attachments.

.TP 2m
\fBpartner\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create or manipulate partner interconnect attachments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete interconnects.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Google Compute Engine interconnect attachment.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine interconnect attachments.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects attachments
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects attachments
.RE

