
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DOMAINS_REGISTRATIONS_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha domains registrations operations describe \- show details about a Cloud Domains operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha domains registrations operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Print information about a Cloud Domains operation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Operation resource \- The operation to describe. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[operation] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [operation] on the command
line with a fully specified name; location is always global. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION\fR
ID of the operation or fully qualified identifier for the operation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe an operation \f5\fIoperation\-id\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha domains registrations operations describe operation\-id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

