
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_EMULATORS_PUBSUB_ENV\-INIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha emulators pubsub env\-init \- print the commands required to export pubsub emulator's env variables



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha emulators pubsub env\-init\fR [\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR After starting the emulator, you need to set environment variables
so that your application connects to the emulator instead of the production
environment. Environment variables need to be set each time you start the
emulator. The environment variables depend on dynamically assigned port numbers
that could change when you restart the emulator.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-data\-dir\fR=\fIDATA_DIR\fR
The directory to be used to store/retrieve data/config for an emulator run. The
default value is \f5<USER_CONFIG_DIR>/emulators/pubsub\fR. The value of
USER_CONFIG_DIR can be found by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud info \-\-format='get(config.paths.global_config_dir)'
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print the env variables exports for a pubsub emulator, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha emulators pubsub env\-init \-\-data\-dir DATA\-DIR
.RE

For a detailed walkthrough of setting Pub/Sub emulator environment variables,
see https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/emulator#env.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta emulators pubsub env\-init
.RE

