
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_DISKS_MOVE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute disks move \- move a disk between zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute disks move\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR \fB\-\-destination\-zone\fR=\fIDESTINATION_ZONE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute disks move\fR facilitates moving a Google
Compute Engine disk volume from one zone to another. You cannot move a disk if
it is attached to a running or stopped instance; use the gcloud compute
instances move command instead.

For example, running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks move example\-disk\-1 \-\-zone us\-central1\-b \e
   \-\-destination\-zone us\-central1\-f
.RE

will move the disk called example\-disk\-1, currently running in
us\-central1\-b, to us\-central1\-f.

Please note that gcloud compute disks move does not yet support regional
persistent disks. Please see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/regional\-persistent\-disk for more
details.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR
Name of the disk to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-zone\fR=\fIDESTINATION_ZONE\fR
The zone to move the disk to.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks move
$ gcloud alpha compute disks move
.RE

