
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_DATASETS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq datasets delete \- delete a BigQuery dataset



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq datasets delete\fR \fIDATASET\fR [\fB\-\-remove\-tables\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a BigQuery dataset.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Dataset resource \- The BigQuery dataset you want to delete. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[dataset] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATASET\fR
ID of the dataset or fully qualified identifier for the dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-tables\fR
Remove the dataset even if it contains one or more tables. Tables will be
removed before deleteing dataset.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigquery/v2\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes a dataset with ID \f5my\-dataset\fR

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq datasets delete  my\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

