
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_IMPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores import \- import FHIR resources into a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores import\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-content\-structure\fR=\fICONTENT_STRUCTURE\fR] [\fB\-\-error\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIERROR_GCS_URI\fR] [\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Import FHIR resources into a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store into which the data is
imported. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[fhir_store] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-content\-structure\fR=\fICONTENT_STRUCTURE\fR
Content structure in the source location. The default is BUNDLE.
\fICONTENT_STRUCTURE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBbundle\fR
Each unit is a bundle, which contains one or more resources.

.TP 2m
\fBresource\fR
Each unit is a single resource.

.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-error\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIERROR_GCS_URI\fR
The Cloud Storage bucket/folder path to write files that contain error details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\fR=\fIGCS_URI\fR
Cloud Storage source data locations. Each Cloud Storage object should be a text
file that contains newline delimited JSON structures conforming to FHIR
standard.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

