
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ORGANIZATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha organizations \- create and manage Google Cloud Platform Organizations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha organizations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR The gcloud alpha organizations group lets you create and manage
Cloud Organizations. Google Cloud Platform resources form a hierarchy with
Organizations at the root. Organizations contain projects, and Projects contain
the remaining Google Cloud Platform resources.

More information on the Cloud Platform Resource Hierarchy and the Organization
resource can be found here:
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/creating\-managing\-organization
and detailed documentation on creating and managing organizations can be found
here:
https://cloud.google.com/resource\-manager/docs/creating\-managing\-organization



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add IAM policy binding for an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Get the IAM policy for an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List organizations accessible by the active account.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding for an organization.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Set IAM policy for an organization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud organizations
$ gcloud beta organizations
.RE

