
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_LEVELS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels delete \- delete an access level



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager levels delete\fR (\fILEVEL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete an access level in a given access policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Level resource \- The access level you want to delete. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fILEVEL\fR
ID of the level or fully qualified identifier for the level. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBaccesscontextmanager/v1beta\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/access\-context\-manager/docs/reference/rest/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud access\-context\-manager levels delete
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager levels delete
.RE

