
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_VPC\-ACCESS_CONNECTORS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors create \- create a VPC Access connector



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors create\fR (\fICONNECTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-throughput\fR=\fIMAX_THROUGHPUT\fR;\ default=1000] [\fB\-\-min\-throughput\fR=\fIMIN_THROUGHPUT\fR;\ default=200] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR;\ default="default"] [\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new VPC Access connector with the given name.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
An instance with the same name already exists.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to create instances.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Connector resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the VPC Access connector
you want to create. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the
attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [connector] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICONNECTOR\fR
ID of the connector or fully qualified identifier for the connector. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Compute region (e.g. us\-central1) for the connector.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-throughput\fR=\fIMAX_THROUGHPUT\fR; default=1000
Maximum throughput in Mbps. Value must be a multiple of 100 between 200 and
1000.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-throughput\fR=\fIMIN_THROUGHPUT\fR; default=200
Minimum throughput in Mbps. Value must be a multiple of 100 between 200 and
1000.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR; default="default"
Name of the Google Compute Engine network to which the connector will be
connected. If left unspecified, the default network will be used.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-range\fR=\fIRANGE\fR
CIDR range of internal addresses that are reserved for this connector. For
example, 10.132.0.0/28. Range must be unique and non\-overlapping with existing
ranges in the network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvpcaccess/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: http://cloud.google.com



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command creates a VPC Access connector with name
\'my\-vpc\-connector' in region 'us\-central1' in network 'my\-network' with IP
CIDR range of '10.132.0.0/28'.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks vpc\-access connectors create \e
    my\-vpc\-connector \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-network=my\-network
  \-\-range=10.132.0.0/28
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute networks vpc\-access connectors create
.RE

