
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_PRODUCTS_REFERENCE\-IMAGES_ADD" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml products reference\-images add \- add a Cloud Product Search ReferenceImage to a Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml products reference\-images add\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR \fB\-\-catalog\fR=\fICATALOG\fR \fB\-\-product\-id\fR=\fIPRODUCT_ID\fR [\fB\-\-bounds\fR=\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,[\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-category\fR=\fICATEGORY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command creates a Cloud Product Search ReferenceImage and
adds it to the provided catalog.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
The Google Cloud Storage URI of the input image file. The URI must start with
gs://.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-catalog\fR=\fICATALOG\fR
The catalog to add ReferenceImages to.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-product\-id\fR=\fIPRODUCT_ID\fR
The product ID to associate this ReferenceImage to. Product Id is restricted to
255 characters including letters, numbers, underscore ( _ ) and hyphen (\-).


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Both \f5\-\-category\fR and \f5\-\-bounds\fR should be specified if either is
provided.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bounds\fR=\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,[\fIx\fR:\fIy\fR,...]
A set of vertices defining the bounding polygon aroundthe area of interest in
the image. Should be a list of integer pairs, separated by commas specifying the
vertices (e.g. [x1:y2, x2:y2,x3:y3...xn:yn]). Defaults to full image if empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-category\fR=\fICATEGORY\fR
String specifying the product category to associate this ReferenceImage to.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a reference image, using default bounds and no category, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml products reference\-images add \e
gs:\e\emy\-bucket\emyimage.jpg
\-\-catalog=101
\-\-product\-id=my\-product\-123
.RE

To add a reference image, using custom bounds and category, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml products reference\-images add \e
gs:\e\emy\-bucket\emyimage.jpg
\-\-catalog=101
\-\-product\-id=my\-product\-123
\-\-category=mens_shoes
\-\-bounds=200:200,200:400,400:200,400:400
.RE


Note: For alpha, only catalogs with associated ReferenceImages will be displayed
by the list command. Please be sure to note the catalog name at creation time so
that it can be used by \f5ml products catalogs reference\-image\fR commands.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

