
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_DEVICES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot devices \- manage Cloud IoT Devices



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot devices\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Commands for managing Google Cloud IoT Devices.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcommands\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage commands for Cloud IoT devices.

.TP 2m
\fBconfigs\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage configurations for Cloud IoT devices.

.TP 2m
\fBcredentials\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage credentials for Cloud IoT devices.

.TP 2m
\fBgateways\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Cloud IoT Core Gateway Associations.

.TP 2m
\fBstates\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage states for Cloud IoT devices.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a new device.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a device.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about a device.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List devices.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update an existing device.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices
$ gcloud alpha iot devices
.RE

