
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BQ_TABLES_COPY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha bq tables copy \- copy one BigQuery table to another



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha bq tables copy\fR (\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-destination\-dataset\fR=\fIDESTINATION_DATASET\fR) (\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-source\-dataset\fR=\fISOURCE_DATASET\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-overwrite\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha bq tables copy\fR Copies one BigQuery table to
another.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The destination to copy to. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-destination] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\-dataset\fR=\fIDESTINATION_DATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Table resource \- The source to copy from. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [\-\-source] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\fR=\fISOURCE\fR
ID of the table or fully qualified identifier for the table. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-dataset\fR=\fISOURCE_DATASET\fR
The id of the BigQuery dataset.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-job\-id\fR=\fIJOB_ID\fR
A unique job ID to use for the request. If not specified a unique job id will be
generated.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-overwrite\fR
Overwrite if the resource already exists.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following copies table \f5my\-table\fR to table \f5my\-other\-table\fR, in
dataset \f5my\-dataset\fR overwriting destination if it exists:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bq tables copy \-\-source my\-table \e
    \-\-destination my\-other\-table \-\-source\-dataset my\-dataset \e
    \-\-overwrite
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

