
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-TEMPLATES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine node template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates set\-iam\-policy\fR (\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given node template as defined in a
JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Node template resource \- The node template to set the IAM policy for. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [node_template]
on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINODE_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the node_template or fully qualified identifier for the node_template.
This positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group
are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine region.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command will read am IAM policy defined in a JSON file
\'policy.json' and set it for the node template \f5my\-node\-template\fR:

$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates set\-iam\-policy \e.RS 2m
my\-node\-template policy.json

.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-templates set\-iam\-policy
.RE

