
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FILESTORE_BACKUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta filestore backups \- create and manage Cloud Filestore backups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta filestore backups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Filestore backup.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Filestore backup.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Filestore backup.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Cloud Filestore backups.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Filestore backup.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore backups create my\-backup \-\-region=Region
.RE

To delete a backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore backups delete my\-backup \-\-region=Region
.RE

To display the details for an backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore backups describe my\-backup \-\-region=Region
.RE

To list all the backups, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore backups list [\-\-region=Region]
.RE

To set the label 'env' to 'prod' for an backup with the name 'my\-backup', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta filestore backups my\-backup \-\-update\-labels=env=prod
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha filestore backups
.RE

