
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_IMAGES_PACKAGES_DIFF" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute images packages diff \- displays the version differences of packages between two images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute images packages diff\fR (\fB\-\-base\-image\fR=\fIBASE_IMAGE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-base\-project\fR=\fIBASE_PROJECT\fR) (\fB\-\-diff\-image\fR=\fIDIFF_IMAGE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-diff\-project\fR=\fIDIFF_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-show\-added\-packages\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-removed\-packages\fR] [\fB\-\-show\-updated\-packages\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Displays the version differences of packages between two images.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Image resource \- Name of the disk image as the diff base. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-base\-image\fR=\fIBASE_IMAGE\fR
The ID of the image or a fully qualified identifier for the image. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-base\-project\fR=\fIBASE_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the image.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Image resource \- Name of the disk image to diff with base image. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must
be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-diff\-image\fR=\fIDIFF_IMAGE\fR
The ID of the image or a fully qualified identifier for the image. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-diff\-project\fR=\fIDIFF_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the image.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-added\-packages\fR
Show only the packages added to the diff image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-removed\-packages\fR
Show only the packages removed from the base image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-show\-updated\-packages\fR
Show only the packages updated between two images.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

