
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_GENOMICS_VARIANTSETS_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha genomics variantsets export \- exports data from a variant set to an external destination



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha genomics variantsets export\fR \fIID\fR \fITABLE\fR \fB\-\-bigquery\-dataset\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_DATASET\fR [\fB\-\-bigquery\-project\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_PROJECT\fR] [\fB\-\-call\-set\-ids\fR=[\fICALL_SET_IDS\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports data from a variant set to an external destination.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIID\fR
The ID of the variant set to export.

.TP 2m
\fITABLE\fR
The BigQuery table to which data is exported. If this table does not exist, it
will be created. If it already exists, it will be overwritten.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bigquery\-dataset\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_DATASET\fR
The BigQuery dataset to which data is exported. This dataset must already exist.
Note that this is distinct from the Genomics concept of "dataset."


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bigquery\-project\fR=\fIBIGQUERY_PROJECT\fR
The Google Cloud project ID that owns the destination BigQuery dataset. The
caller must have WRITE access to this project. This project will also own the
resulting export job.If not supplied, defaults to the gcloud project ID.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-call\-set\-ids\fR=[\fICALL_SET_IDS\fR,...]
If provided, only variant call information from the specified call sets will be
exported. By default all variant call sets are exported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

