
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ALLOCATIONS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute allocations create \- create a Compute Engine zonal allocation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute allocations create\fR \fIALLOCATION\fR \fB\-\-commitment\fR=\fICOMMITMENT\fR (\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]\ \fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]\ \fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR\ \fB\-\-require\-specific\-allocation\fR) [\fB\-\-commitment\-region\fR=\fICOMMITMENT_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Compute Engine zonal allocation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIALLOCATION\fR
Name of the zonal allocation to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-commitment\fR=\fICOMMITMENT\fR
Name of the regional commitment to operate on.

.TP 2m

Manage the specific SKU allocation properties to create This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine (name only) which has fixed number of vCPUs and fixed amount
of memory. This also includes specifying custom machine type following
custom\-NUMBER_OF_CPUS\-AMOUNT_OF_MEMORY pattern. This flag must be specified if
any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR
The number of resources that are allocated to this allocation. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]
Manage the configuration of the type and number of accelerator cards attached.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of pieces of the accelerator to attach to the allocation.

.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of accelerator
to attach to the allocation. Use 'gcloud compute accelerator\-types list' to
learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]
Manage the size and the interface of local SSD to use.

.TP 2m
\fBinterface\fR
The kind of disk interface exposed to the VM for this SSD. Valid values are
\f5\fIscsi\fR\fR and \f5\fInvme\fR\fR. SCSI is the default and is supported by
more guest operating systems. NVME may provide higher performance.

.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR
The size of the local SSD in base\-2 GB.
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR
The minimum cpu platform of the allocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-specific\-allocation\fR
Indicates whether the allocation can be consumed by VMs with "any allocation"
defined. If enabled, then only VMs that target the allocation by name using
\-\-allocation\-affinity can consume this allocation. It also indicates that if
true, the existing instances are also accounted in the allocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-commitment\-region\fR=\fICOMMITMENT_REGION\fR
Region of the regional commitment to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A text description of the allocation to create.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the zonal allocation to create. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

