
.TH "GCLOUD_APIGEE_PRODUCTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud apigee products \- manage Apigee API products



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud apigee products\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Manage Apigee API products.

\f5gcloud apigee products\fR manipulates API products. These are collections of
deployed API resources, combined with quota settings and metadata, used to
deliver customized and productized API bundles to the developer community.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create an Apigee API product.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete an Apigee API product.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe an Apigee API product.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Apigee API products.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update an existing Apigee API product.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list all API products in the active Cloud Platform project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products list
.RE

To create an API product named \f5\fImy\-apis\fR\fR by answering interactive
prompts about its included proxies and access policies, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products create my\-apis
.RE

To create an API product named \f5\fIprod\-apis\fR\fR that makes every API proxy
deployed to the \f5\fIprod\fR\fR environment publicly available, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products create prod\-apis \-\-environments=prod \e
  \-\-all\-proxies \-\-public\-access
.RE

To get a JSON object describing an existing API product, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products describe PRODUCT_NAME \e
  \-\-organization=ORG_NAME \-\-format=json
.RE

To add another API proxy to an existing API product, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products update PRODUCT_NAME \-\-add\-api=API_NAME
.RE

To edit the publicly visible name and description of an API product, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products update PRODUCT_NAME \e
  \-\-display\-name="New Name" \e
  \-\-description="A new description of this product."
.RE

To make an existing product publicly visible and automatically allow developers
access to it, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products update PRODUCT_NAME \-\-public\-access \e
  \-\-automatic\-approval
.RE

To delete an existing API product, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud apigee products delete PRODUCT_NAME
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha apigee products
$ gcloud beta apigee products
.RE

