
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AUTH_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta auth list \- lists credentialed accounts



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta auth list\fR [\fB\-\-filter\-account\fR=\fIFILTER_ACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Lists accounts whose credentials have been obtained using \f5gcloud
init\fR, \f5gcloud auth login\fR and \f5gcloud auth
activate\-service\-account\fR, and shows which account is active. The active
account is used by gcloud and other Cloud SDK tools to access Google Cloud
Platform. While there is no limit on the number of accounts with stored
credentials, there is only one active account.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\-account\fR=\fIFILTER_ACCOUNT\fR
List only credentials for one account. Use \-\-filter="account~\fIPATTERN\fR" to
select accounts that match \fIPATTERN\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To set an existing account to be the current active account, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set core/account your\-email\-account@gmail.com
.RE

If you don't have an existing account, create one using:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud init
.RE

To list the active account name:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth list \-\-filter=status:ACTIVE \-\-format="value(account)"
.RE

To list the inactive account names with prefix \f5test\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth list \-\-filter="\-status:ACTIVE account:test*" \e
    \-\-format="value(account)"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth list
$ gcloud alpha auth list
.RE

