
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RESOURCE\-MANAGER_OPERATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha resource\-manager operations describe \- show metadata for an operation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha resource\-manager operations describe\fR \fIOPERATION_ID\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show metadata for an operation, given a valid operation ID.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The operation specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
You do not have permission to view the operation.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIOPERATION_ID\fR
ID for the operation you want to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command prints metadata for an operation with the ID
\f5fc.3589215982\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha resource\-manager operations describe fc.3589215982
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

