
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_RULES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules describe \- describe a Google Compute Engine organization security policy rule



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules describe\fR \fIPRIORITY\fR \fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules describe\fR
is used to describe organization security policy rule.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRIORITY\fR
Priority of the security policy rule to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-security\-policy\fR=\fISECURITY_POLICY\fR
Display name of the security policy into which the rule should be described.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization which the organization security policy belongs to. Must be set if
SECURITY_POLICY is display name.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a rule with priority ``10" in an organization security policy with
ID ``123456789", run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies rules describe \e
    describe 10 \-\-security\-policy=123456789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies rules describe
.RE

