
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_TARGET\-POOLS_REMOVE\-HEALTH\-CHECKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute target\-pools remove\-health\-checks \- remove an HTTP health check from a target pool



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute target\-pools remove\-health\-checks\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute target\-pools remove\-health\-checks\fR is
used to remove an HTTP health check from a target pool. Health checks are used
to determine the health status of instances in the target pool. For more
information on health checks and load balancing, see
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/load\-balancing\-and\-autoscaling/



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the target pool from which to remove the health check.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-http\-health\-check\fR=\fIHTTP_HEALTH_CHECK\fR
Specifies an HTTP health check object to remove from the target pool.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The region of the target pool to remove health checks from. If not specified,
you will be prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute target\-pools remove\-health\-checks
$ gcloud beta compute target\-pools remove\-health\-checks
.RE

