
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FIRESTORE_INDEXES_FIELDS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha firestore indexes fields describe \- describe the index configuration of the given field



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha firestore indexes fields describe\fR [[\fIFIELD\fR]\ \fB\-\-collection\-group\fR=\fICOLLECTION_GROUP\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe the index configuration of the given field.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Field resource \- Field to describe. This can be omitted to describe the
database\-wide default index settings. The arguments in this group can be used
to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [field] on the command line with a fully
specified name; with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. To set the [database]
attribute: provide the argument [field] on the command line with a fully
specified name; with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-database]
on the command line (currently '(default)' is the only supported value).


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIFIELD\fR]
ID of the field or fully qualified identifier for the field.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collection\-group\fR=\fICOLLECTION_GROUP\fR
Collection group of the field.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfirestore/v1beta2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/firestore



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command describes the database\-wide default index settings:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firestore indexes fields describe
.RE

The following command describes the index configuration of the \f5timestamp\fR
field in the \f5Events\fR collection group.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firestore indexes fields describe timestamp \e
    \-\-collection\-group=Events
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore indexes fields describe
.RE

