
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_DISK\-TYPES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute disk\-types describe \- describe a Google Compute Engine disk type



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute disk\-types describe\fR \fIDISK_TYPE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute disk\-types describe\fR displays all data
associated with a Google Compute Engine disk type.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_TYPE\fR
Name of the disk type to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disk type to describe. Overrides the default \fBcompute/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disk type to describe. Overrides the default \fBcompute/zone\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disk\-types describe
$ gcloud beta compute disk\-types describe
.RE

