
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BILLING_PROJECTS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha billing projects list \- list all active projects associated with the specified billing account



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha billing projects list\fR ([\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR]\ \fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR) [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha billing projects list\fR ACCOUNT_ID \-\- lists all
active projects, for the specified billing account id.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR]
(DEPRECATED) Specify a billing account ID. Billing account IDs are of the form
\f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR. To see available IDs, run \f5$ gcloud alpha
billing accounts list\fR.

The \f5ACCOUNT_ID\fR argument has been renamed \f5\-\-billing\-account\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-billing\-account\fR=\fIACCOUNT_ID\fR
Specify a billing account ID. Billing account IDs are of the form
\f50X0X0X\-0X0X0X\-0X0X0X\fR. To see available IDs, run \f5$ gcloud alpha
billing accounts list\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta billing projects list
.RE

