
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_JOBS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc jobs delete \- delete the record of an inactive job



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc jobs delete\fR (\fIJOB\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete the record of an inactive job.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The ID of the job to delete. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [job] on the command line with a fully specified
name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
ID of the job or fully qualified identifier for the job. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region for the job. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Google
Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a
special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all
Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc
regions. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR property value for this
command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the record of a job, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc jobs delete job_id
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc jobs delete
$ gcloud beta dataproc jobs delete
.RE

