
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_API\-GATEWAY_GATEWAYS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha api\-gateway gateways create \- create a new gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha api\-gateway gateways create\fR (\fIGATEWAY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) (\fB\-\-api\-config\fR=\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new gateway.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Gateway resource \- Name for gateway which will be created. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [gateway] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIGATEWAY\fR
ID of the gateway or fully qualified identifier for the gateway. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Cloud location for gateway.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Api config resource \- Resource name for API config the gateway will use. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-api\-config] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-api\-config] on the
command line with a fully specified name; Location for API and API Configs.
Defaults to global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\-config\fR=\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR
ID of the api\-config or fully qualified identifier for the api\-config. This
flag must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
API ID.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human readable name which can optionally be supplied.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a gateway in 'us\-central1' run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway gateways create my\-gateway \-\-api=my\-api \e
    \-\-api\-config=my\-config \-\-location=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway gateways create
.RE

