
.TH "GCLOUD_DATAFLOW_FLEX\-TEMPLATE_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dataflow flex\-template run \- runs a job from the specified path



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dataflow flex\-template run\fR \fIJOB_NAME\fR \fB\-\-template\-file\-gcs\-location\fR=\fITEMPLATE_FILE_GCS_LOCATION\fR [\fB\-\-additional\-experiments\fR=[\fIADDITIONAL_EXPERIMENTS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-additional\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIADDITIONAL_USER_LABELS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-dataflow\-kms\-key\fR=\fIDATAFLOW_KMS_KEY\fR] [\fB\-\-disable\-public\-ips\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-streaming\-engine\fR] [\fB\-\-max\-workers\fR=\fIMAX_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR] [\fB\-\-parameters\fR=[\fIPARAMETERS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR] [\fB\-\-service\-account\-email\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR] [\fB\-\-staging\-location\fR=\fISTAGING_LOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR] [\fB\-\-worker\-region\fR=\fIWORKER_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-worker\-zone\fR=\fIWORKER_ZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Runs a job from the specified flex template gcs path.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB_NAME\fR
Unique name to assign to the job.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-template\-file\-gcs\-location\fR=\fITEMPLATE_FILE_GCS_LOCATION\fR
Google Cloud Storage location of the flex template to run. (Must be a URL
beginning with 'gs://'.)


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-additional\-experiments\fR=[\fIADDITIONAL_EXPERIMENTS\fR,...]
Additional experiments to pass to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-additional\-user\-labels\fR=[\fIADDITIONAL_USER_LABELS\fR,...]
Additional user labels to pass to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataflow\-kms\-key\fR=\fIDATAFLOW_KMS_KEY\fR
Cloud KMS key to protect the job resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-disable\-public\-ips\fR
Cloud Dataflow workers must not use public IP addresses. Overrides the default
\fBdataflow/disable_public_ips\fR property value for this command invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-streaming\-engine\fR
Enabling Streaming Engine for the streaming job. Overrides the default
\fBdataflow/enable_streaming_engine\fR property value for this command
invocation.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-max\-workers\fR=\fIMAX_WORKERS\fR
Maximum number of workers to run.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Compute Engine network for launching instances to run your pipeline.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-num\-workers\fR=\fINUM_WORKERS\fR
Initial number of workers to use.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-parameters\fR=[\fIPARAMETERS\fR,...]
Parameters to pass to the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION_ID\fR
Region ID of the job's regional endpoint. Defaults to 'us\-central1'.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-service\-account\-email\fR=\fISERVICE_ACCOUNT_EMAIL\fR
Service account to run the workers as.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-staging\-location\fR=\fISTAGING_LOCATION\fR
Google Cloud Storage location to stage temporary files. (Must be a URL beginning
with 'gs://'.)

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnetwork\fR=\fISUBNETWORK\fR
Compute Engine subnetwork for launching instances to run your pipeline.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-machine\-type\fR=\fIWORKER_MACHINE_TYPE\fR
Type of machine to use for workers. Defaults to server\-specified.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-region\fR=\fIWORKER_REGION\fR
Region to run the workers in.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-worker\-zone\fR=\fIWORKER_ZONE\fR
Zone to run the workers in.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To run a job from the flex template, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataflow flex\-template run my\-job \e
    \-\-template\-file\-gcs\-location=gs://flex\-template\-path \e
    \-\-region=europe\-west1 \e
    \-\-parameters=input="gs://input",output="gs://output\-path" \e
    \-\-max\-workers=5
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dataflow flex\-template run
.RE

