
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_API\-GATEWAY_API\-CONFIGS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha api\-gateway api\-configs describe \- show details about a specific API config



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha api\-gateway api\-configs describe\fR (\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a specific API config.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Api config resource \- Name for API Config which will be created. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [api_config] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. To set the [location]
attribute: provide the argument [api_config] on the command line with a fully
specified name; Location for API and API Configs. Defaults to global. This must
be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPI_CONFIG\fR
ID of the api\-config or fully qualified identifier for the api\-config. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-api\fR=\fIAPI\fR
API ID.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show details about an API config, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway api\-configs describe my\-config \e
    \-\-api=my\-api
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway api\-configs describe
.RE

