
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates \- manage tag templates in Cloud Data Catalog



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage tag templates in Cloud Data Catalog.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBfields\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage tag template fields in Cloud Data Catalog.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Remove IAM policy binding from a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBset\-iam\-policy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Set the IAM policy for a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates
.RE

