
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_WORKLOAD\-IDENTITY\-POOLS_PROVIDERS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools providers \- manage IAM WorkloadIdentityPoolProviders



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam workload\-identity\-pools providers\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing IAM WorkloadIdentityPoolProviders.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage IAM WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider long running operations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-aws\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new AWS WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\-oidc\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a new OIDC WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List WorkloadIdentityPoolProviders.

.TP 2m
\fBundelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Undelete a WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-aws\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an AWS WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\-oidc\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update an OIDC WorkloadIdentityPoolProvider.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iam workload\-identity\-pools providers
.RE

