
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_VERSIONS_RESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys versions restore \- restore a version scheduled for destruction



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys versions restore\fR \fIVERSION\fR [\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Restores the given version that was scheduled to be destroyed.

This moves the version from Scheduled for destruction to Disabled. Only versions
which are Scheduled for destruction can be Restored.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIVERSION\fR
Name of the version to restore.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-key\fR=\fIKEY\fR
The containing key.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command restores version 9 of key \f5frodo\fR within keyring
\f5fellowship\fR and location \f5us\-east1\fR which was previously scheduled for
destruction:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys versions restore 9 \-\-location us\-east1 \e
    \-\-keyring fellowship \-\-key frodo
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys versions restore
$ gcloud beta kms keys versions restore
.RE

