
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_HEALTHCARE_DICOM\-STORES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores export \- export a Cloud Healthcare API API DICOM store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha healthcare dicom\-stores export\fR (\fIDICOM_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [[\fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-overwrite\-table\fR]\ |\ \fB\-\-gcs\-uri\-prefix\fR=\fIGCS_URI_PREFIX\fR\ \fB\-\-mime\-type\fR=\fIMIME_TYPE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Export a Cloud Healthcare API API DICOM store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

DicomStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API DICOM store to export. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [dicom_store] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDICOM_STORE\fR
ID of the dicomStore or fully qualified identifier for the dicomStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-bq\-table\fR=\fIBQ_TABLE\fR
The BigQuery table where the DICOM store should be written. If this table does
not exist, a new table with the given name will be created. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-overwrite\-table\fR
If the destination table already exists and this flag is \f5TRUE\fR, the table
will be overwritten by the contents of the DICOM store. If the flag is not set
and the destination table already exists, the export call returns an error.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-uri\-prefix\fR=\fIGCS_URI_PREFIX\fR
URI for a Google Cloud Storage directory to which result files should be written
(for example, \f5gs://bucket\-id/path/to/destination/dir\fR). If there is no
trailing slash, the service will append one when composing the object path. The
user is responsible for creating the Google Cloud Storage bucket referenced in
\f5uri_prefix\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-mime\-type\fR=\fIMIME_TYPE\fR
\'MIME types supported by DICOM spec. Each file will be written in the following
format:
\f5.../{study_id}/{series_id}/{instance_id}[/{frame_number}].{extension}\fR The
frame_number component will exist only for multi\-frame instances. Refer to the
DICOM conformance statement for permissible MIME types:
https://cloud.google.com/healthcare/docs/dicom#wado\-rs The following extensions
will be used for output files: application/dicom \-> .dcm image/jpeg \-> .jpg
image/png \-> .png If unspecified, the instances will be exported in their
original DICOM format.'


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1alpha2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

