
.TH "GCLOUD_DNS_MANAGED\-ZONES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud dns managed\-zones update \- update an existing Cloud DNS managed\-zone



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud dns managed\-zones update\fR \fIZONE\fR [\fB\-\-denial\-of\-existence\fR=\fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-dnssec\-state\fR=\fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR] [\fB\-\-ksk\-algorithm\fR=\fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-ksk\-key\-length\fR=\fIKSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-zsk\-algorithm\fR=\fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR] [\fB\-\-zsk\-key\-length\fR=\fIZSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update an existing Cloud DNS managed\-zone.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Zone resource \- The name of the managed\-zone to be updated. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the flag
[zone] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the flag
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIZONE\fR
The ID of the zone or a fully qualified identifier for the zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-denial\-of\-existence\fR=\fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR
Requires DNSSEC enabled. \fIDENIAL_OF_EXISTENCE\fR must be one of: \fBnsec\fR,
\fBnsec3\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Short description for the managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dnssec\-state\fR=\fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR
The DNSSEC state for this managed zone. \fIDNSSEC_STATE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBoff\fR
Disable DNSSEC for the managed zone.
.TP 2m
\fBon\fR
Enable DNSSEC for the managed zone.
.TP 2m
\fBtransfer\fR
Enable DNSSEC and allow transferring a signed zone in or out.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ksk\-algorithm\fR=\fIKSK_ALGORITHM\fR
String mnemonic specifying the DNSSEC algorithm of the key\-signing key.
Requires DNSSEC enabled. Example algorithms: RSASHA1, RSASHA256, RSASHA512,
ECDSAP256SHA256, ECDSAP384SHA384

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ksk\-key\-length\fR=\fIKSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR
Length of the key\-signing key in bits. Requires DNSSEC enabled.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
A list of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zsk\-algorithm\fR=\fIZSK_ALGORITHM\fR
String mnemonic specifying the DNSSEC algorithm of the zone\-signing key.
Requires DNSSEC enabled. Example algorithms: RSASHA1, RSASHA256, RSASHA512,
ECDSAP256SHA256, ECDSAP384SHA384

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zsk\-key\-length\fR=\fIZSK_KEY_LENGTH\fR
Length of the zone\-signing key in bits. Requires DNSSEC enabled.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Removes all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
A list of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently
ignored.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To change the description of a managed\-zone, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns managed\-zones update my_zone \e
    \-\-description="Hello, world!"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns managed\-zones update
.RE

