
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_TAG\-TEMPLATES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates create \- create a Cloud Data Catalog tag template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates create\fR (\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-field\fR=[\fIid\fR=\fIID\fR,\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,\fIdisplay\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR,\fIrequired\fR=\fIREQUIRED\fR,...] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog tag template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Tag template resource \- Tag template to create. The arguments in this group can
be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are
not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [tag_template] on the command line
with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITAG_TEMPLATE\fR
ID of the tag template or fully qualified identifier for the tag template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the tag template.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-field\fR=[\fIid\fR=\fIID\fR,\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR,\fIdisplay\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR,\fIrequired\fR=\fIREQUIRED\fR,...]
Specification for a tag template field. This flag can be repeated to specify
multiple fields. The following keys are allowed:

.RS 2m
*id*::: (Required) ID of the tag template field.
.RE

.RS 2m
*type*::: (Required) Type of the tag template field. Choices are
    double, string, bool, timestamp, and enum.
.RE

.RS 2m
To specify a string field:
  `type=string`
.RE

.RS 2m
To specify an enum field with values 'A' and 'B':
  `type=enum(A|B)`
.RE

.RS 2m
*display\-name*::: Display name of the tag template field.
.RE

.RS 2m
*required*::: Indicates if the tag template field is required.
    Defaults to FALSE.
.RE


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human\-readable name for the tag template.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

Create a string tag template with a required string field:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates create TEMPLATE \e
    \-\-field=id=ID,display\-name=DISPLAY,type=string,required=TRUE
.RE

Create an enum tag template with an optional enum field with values 'A' and 'B':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates create TEMPLATE \e
    \-\-field=id=ID,display\-name=DISPLAY,type='enum(A|B)'
.RE

Create a tag template with a optional string field and a required enum field
with values 'A' and 'B':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog tag\-templates create TEMPLATE \e
    \-\-field=id=ID1,display\-name=DISPLAY1,type=string \e
    \-\-field=id=ID2,display\-name=DISPLAY2,type='enum(A|B)',required=TRUE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud data\-catalog tag\-templates create
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog tag\-templates create
.RE

