
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IAM_ROLES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iam roles describe \- show metadata for a role



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iam roles describe\fR \fIROLE_ID\fR [\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR This command shows metadata for a role.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The role specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active user does not have permission to access the given role.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIROLE_ID\fR
The id of the role to describe. Curated roles example: roles/viewer. Custom
roles example: CustomRole. For custom roles, you must also specify the
\f5\-\-organization\fR or \f5\-\-project\fR flag.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization of the role you want to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To print metadata for a role of an organization, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles describe \-\-organization 1234567 viewer
.RE

To print metadata for a role of a project, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles describe \-\-project myproject viewer
.RE

To print metadata for a predefined role, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iam roles describe roles/viewer
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iam roles describe
$ gcloud beta iam roles describe
.RE

