
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_INSTANTIATE\-FROM\-FILE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file \- instantiate a workflow template from a file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file\fR \fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Instantiate a workflow template from a file.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
The YAML file containing the workflow template to run


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. The default value of \f5global\fR is a special
multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying instances into all Compute
Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from other Cloud Dataproc regions.
Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR property value for this command
invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate\-from\-file
.RE

