
.TH "GCLOUD_REDIS_INSTANCES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud redis instances delete \- delete a Redis instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud redis instances delete\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Delete a Memorystore Redis instance.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The instance specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to access the given instance.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- Arguments and flags that specify the Memorystore Redis
instance you want to delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify
the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully specified name;
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property
[core/project]. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Redis region of the instance. Overrides the default redis/region
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBredis/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/memorystore/docs/redis/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete an instance with the name \f5my\-redis\-instance\fR in your default
region, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud redis instances delete my\-redis\-instance
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha redis instances delete
$ gcloud beta redis instances delete
.RE

