
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_DEVICES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot devices delete \- delete a device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot devices delete\fR (\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a device.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device you want to delete. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the flag [device] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the flag [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDEVICE\fR
The ID of the device or a fully qualified identifier for the device. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT region.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudiot/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot devices delete
$ gcloud beta iot devices delete
.RE

