
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_AUTH_LOGIN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta auth login \- authorize gcloud to access the Cloud Platform with Google user credentials



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta auth login\fR [\fIACCOUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-activate\fR] [\fB\-\-brief\fR] [\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR] [\fB\-\-force\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-adc\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Obtains access credentials for your user account via a web\-based
authorization flow. When this command completes successfully, it sets the active
account in the current configuration to the account specified. If no
configuration exists, it creates a configuration named default.

If valid credentials for an account are already available from a prior
authorization, the account is set to active without rerunning the flow.

Use \f5gcloud auth list\fR to view credentialed accounts.

If you'd rather authorize without a web browser but still interact with the
command line, use the \f5\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR flag. To authorize without a
web browser and non\-interactively, create a service account with the
appropriate scopes using the Google Cloud Platform Console
(https://console.cloud.google.com) and use \f5gcloud auth
activate\-service\-account\fR with the corresponding JSON key file.

For more information on authorization and credential types, see:
https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/authorizing.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIACCOUNT\fR]
User account used for authorization.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-activate\fR
Set the new account to active. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-activate\fR to
disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-brief\fR
Minimal user output.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-gdrive\-access\fR
Enable Google Drive access.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-force\fR
Re\-run the web authorization flow even if the given account has valid
credentials.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-launch\-browser\fR
Launch a browser for authorization. If not enabled or if it is not possible to
launch a browser, prints a URL to standard output to be copied. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-adc\fR
Write the obtained credentials to the well\-known location for Application
Default Credentials (ADC). Run $ gcloud auth application\-default \-\-help to
learn more about ADC. Any credentials previously generated by \f5gcloud auth
application\-default login\fR will be overwritten.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To obtain access credentials for your user account, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta auth login
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud auth login
$ gcloud alpha auth login
.RE

