
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta iot registries credentials describe \- show details about a specific registry credential



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta iot registries credentials describe\fR \fIINDEX\fR (\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Show details about a specific registry credential.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINDEX\fR
The index (zero\-based) of the credential to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Registry resource \- The device registry to which the credential belongs. The
arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource.
(NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in
other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-registry]
on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
ID of the registry or fully qualified identifier for the registry. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The Cloud region for the registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe the first credential of a registry in region 'us\-central1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta iot registries credentials describe \e
    \-\-region=us\-central1 \-\-registry=my\-registry 0
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials describe
$ gcloud alpha iot registries credentials describe
.RE

