
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SSL\-POLICIES_EXPORT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies export \- export an SSL policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute ssl\-policies export\fR \fISSL_POLICY\fR [\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Exports an SSL policy's configuration to a file. This
configuration can be imported at a later time.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISSL_POLICY\fR
Name of the SSL policy to export.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
Path to a YAML file where the configuration will be exported. The exported data
will not contain any output\-only fields. Alternatively, you may omit this flag
to write to standard output. A schema describing the export/import format can be
found in: $CLOUDSDKROOT/lib/googlecloudsdk/schemas/compute/alpha/SslPolicy.yaml.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist.

