
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DNS_RECORD\-SETS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dns record\-sets \- manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dns record\-sets\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Manage the record\-sets within your managed\-zones.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBchanges\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View details about changes to your Cloud DNS record\-sets.

.TP 2m
\fBtransaction\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Make scriptable and transactional changes to your record\-sets.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Export your record\-sets into a file.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Import record\-sets into your managed\-zone.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View the list of record\-sets in a managed\-zone.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import record\-sets from a BIND zone file, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets import \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE \e
    \-\-zone\-file\-format ZONE_FILE
.RE

To export record\-sets in yaml format, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets export \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To see how to make scriptable changes to your record\-sets through transactions,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets transaction \-\-help
.RE

To list all changes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets changes list \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To see change details, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets changes describe CHANGE_ID \e
    \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE

To see the list of all record\-sets, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta dns record\-sets list \-\-zone MANAGED_ZONE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dns record\-sets
.RE

