
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORK\-ENDPOINT\-GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups create \- create a Google Compute Engine network endpoint group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups create\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-default\-port\fR=\fIDEFAULT_PORT\fR] [\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR] [\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-type\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_TYPE\fR;\ default="gce\-vm\-ip\-port"] [\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a Google Compute Engine network endpoint group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the network endpoint group to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-port\fR=\fIDEFAULT_PORT\fR
The default port to use if the port number is not specified in the network
endpoint.

If this flag isn't specified for a NEG with endpoint type \f5GCE_VM_IP_PORT\fR,
then every network endpoint in the network endpoint group must have a port
specified. For a NEG with endpoint type \f5INTERNET_IP_PORT\fR and
\f5INTERNET_FQDN_PORT\fR. If the default port is not specified the well known
port for your backend protocol will be used (80 for http, 443 for https).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
Name of the network in which the NEG is created. \f5default\fR project network
is used if unspecified.

This is only supported for NEGs with endpoint type \f5GCE_VM_IP_PORT\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-endpoint\-type\fR=\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_TYPE\fR; default="gce\-vm\-ip\-port"
Determines the spec of endpoints attached to this group.

.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5GCE_VM_IP_PORT\fR

.RS 2m
Endpoint IP address must belong to a VM in Google Compute Engine
(either the primary IP or as part of an aliased IP range).
The `\-\-default\-port` must be specified or every network endpoint
in the network endpoint group must have a port specified.
.RE

.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5INTERNET_IP_PORT\fR

.RS 2m
Endpoint IP address must be publicly routable address. The default
port will be used if specified. If the default port is not
specified, the well known port for your backend protocol will be
used as the default port (80 for http,  443 for https).
.RE

.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5INTERNET_FQDN_PORT\fR

.RS 2m
Endpoint FQDN must be resolvable to a public IP address via public
DNS. The default port will be used if specified. If the default
port is not specified, the well known port for your backend
protocol will be used as the default port (80 for http, 443 for
https).
.RE

.RE
.RE
.sp
\fINETWORK_ENDPOINT_TYPE\fR must be one of: \fBgce\-vm\-ip\-port\fR,
\fBinternet\-ip\-port\fR, \fBinternet\-fqdn\-port\fR.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subnet\fR=\fISUBNET\fR
Name of the subnet to which all network endpoints belong.

If not specified, network endpoints may belong to any subnetwork in the region
where the network endpoint group is created.

This is only supported for NEGs with endpoint type \f5GCE_VM_IP_PORT\fR.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the network endpoint group is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the network endpoint group to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a network endpoint group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups create my\-neg \e
    \-\-zone=us\-central1\-a \-\-network=my\-network \-\-subnet=my\-subnetwork
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups create
$ gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups create
.RE

