
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DRY\-RUN_COMMIT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run commit \- commit the dry\-run mode configuration for all Service Perimeters



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run commit\fR [\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIetag\fR] [\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIpolicy\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR This command has been renamed to
\f5enforce\-all\fR. Please use \f5gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager
perimeters dry\-run enforce\-all\fR instead.

A commit operation on a Service Perimeter involves copying its dry\-run mode
configuration (\f5spec\fR) to that Service Perimeter's enforcement mode
configration (\f5status\fR). This command performs this operation for \fBall\fR
Service Perimeters in the user's Access Policy.

Note: Only Service Perimeters with an explicit dry\-run mode configuration are
affected by this operation. The overall commit operation succeeds once the
dry\-run configurations of all such Service Perimeters have been committed. If a
commit fails for any given Service Perimeter, it will cause the entire commit
operation to be aborted.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-etag\fR=\fIetag\fR
The etag for the version of the Access Policy that this commit operation is to
be performed on. If, at the time of commit, the etag for the Access Policy
stored in Access Context Manager is different from the specified etag, then the
commit operation will not be performed and the call will fail. If etag is not
provided, the operation will be performed as if a valid etag is provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIpolicy\fR
The parent Access Policy which owns all Service Perimeters in scope for the
commit operation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To commit the dry\-run mode configurations for all Service Perimeter in an
Access Policy, run the following command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run commit
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run commit
.RE

