
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FIRESTORE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta firestore \- manage your Cloud Firestore resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta firestore\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR export \-\- Export data to Google Cloud Storage

import \-\- Import data from Google Cloud Storage

indexes \-\- Manage your Cloud Firestore indexes

operations \-\- Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Firestore



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdatabases\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Creation of Cloud Firestore in Native mode Database.

.TP 2m
\fBindexes\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage indexes for Cloud Firestore.

.TP 2m
\fBoperations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Manage Long Running Operations for Cloud Firestore.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBexport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR export Cloud Firestore documents to Google Cloud Storage.

.TP 2m
\fBimport\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR import Cloud Firestore documents from Google Cloud Storage.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firestore
$ gcloud alpha firestore
.RE

