
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACTIVE\-DIRECTORY_DOMAINS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta active\-directory domains update \- update a Managed Microsoft AD domain



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta active\-directory domains update\fR \fIDOMAIN\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-authorized\-networks\fR=[\fIAUTH_NET1\fR,\ \fIAUTH_NET2\fR,\ ...,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-authorized\-networks\fR=[\fIAUTH_NET1\fR,\ \fIAUTH_NET2\fR,\ ...,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-region\fR=\fIADD_REGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-region\fR=\fIREMOVE_REGION\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update the metadata and/or configuration parameters of a managed
Microsoft AD domain.

This command can fail for the following reasons:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The AD domain specified does not exist.
.IP "\(bu" 2m
The active account does not have permission to update the given AD domain.
.RE
.sp



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Domain resource \- Name of the Managed Microsoft AD domain you want to update.
This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments
in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute:
provide the argument [domain] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDOMAIN\fR
ID of the domain or fully qualified identifier for the domain.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-update\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to update. If a label exists its value is
modified, otherwise a new label is created.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-authorized\-networks\fR=[\fIAUTH_NET1\fR, \fIAUTH_NET2\fR, ...,...]
A list of URLs of additional networks to peer this domain to in the form
projects/{project}/global/networks/{network}. Networks must belong to the
project.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-authorized\-networks\fR=[\fIAUTH_NET1\fR, \fIAUTH_NET2\fR, ...,...]
A list of URLs of additional networks to unpeer this domain from in the form
projects/{project}/global/networks/{network}. Networks must belong to the
project.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-region\fR=\fIADD_REGION\fR
An additional region to provision this domain in. If domain is already
provisioned in region, nothing will be done in that region. Supported regions
are: asia\-east1, asia\-northeast1, asia\-south1, asia\-southeast1,
australia\-southeast1, europe\-north1, europe\-west1, europe\-west2,
europe\-west3, europe\-west4, northamerica\-northeast1, southamerica\-east1,
us\-central1, us\-east1, us\-east4, us\-west1, us\-west2.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-region\fR=\fIREMOVE_REGION\fR
A region to de\-provision this domain from. If domain is already not provisioned
in a region, nothing will be done in that region. Domains must be left
provisioned in at least one region. Supported regions are: asia\-east1,
asia\-northeast1, asia\-south1, asia\-southeast1, australia\-southeast1,
europe\-north1, europe\-west1, europe\-west2, europe\-west3, europe\-west4,
northamerica\-northeast1, southamerica\-east1, us\-central1, us\-east1,
us\-east4, us\-west1, us\-west2.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-labels\fR
Remove all labels. If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then
\f5\-\-clear\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains update \-\-clear\-labels
.RE

To set the labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains update \-\-clear\-labels \e
  \-\-update\-labels foo=bar,baz=qux
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR,...]
List of label keys to remove. If a label does not exist it is silently ignored.
If \f5\-\-update\-labels\fR is also specified then \f5\-\-remove\-labels\fR is
applied first.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmanagedidentities/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/managed\-microsoft\-ad/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command updates an AD domain with the name \f5my\-domain.com\fR to
add the two labels, \f5env\fR and \f5service\fR and to add a provisioned region
\f5us\-west1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains update my\-domain.com \e
    \-\-update\-labels=env=test,service=foo \e
\-\-add\-region=us\-west1
.RE

This peers the domain \f5my\-domain.com\fR to the network \f5my\-network\fR.

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta active\-directory domains update my\-domain.com
\-\-add\-authorized\-networks=projects/my\-project/global/networks/my\-network
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud active\-directory domains update
$ gcloud alpha active\-directory domains update
.RE

