
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORKS_PEERINGS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute networks peerings update \- update a Google Compute Engine network peering



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute networks peerings update\fR \fINAME\fR \fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR [\fB\-\-export\-custom\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR] [\fB\-\-import\-custom\-routes\fR] [\fB\-\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the peering.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\fR=\fINETWORK\fR
The name of the network in the current project to be peered with the peer
network.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-custom\-routes\fR
If set, the network will export custom routes to peer network. Use
\-\-no\-export\-custom\-routes to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR
If set, the network will export subnet routes with addresses in the public IP
ranges to peer network. Use \-\-no\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip to
disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-custom\-routes\fR
If set, the network will import custom routes from peer network. Use
\-\-no\-import\-custom\-routes to disable it.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip\fR
If set, the network will import subnet routes with addresses in the public IP
ranges from peer network. Use \-\-no\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip
to disable it.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the peering named peering\-name to both export and import custom
routes, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks peerings update peering\-name \e
  \-\-export\-custom\-routes \e
  \-\-import\-custom\-routes
.RE


To update the peering named peering\-name to both export and import subnet
routes with public ip, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute networks peerings update peering\-name \e
  \-\-export\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip \e
  \-\-import\-subnet\-routes\-with\-public\-ip
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute networks peerings update
$ gcloud beta compute networks peerings update
.RE

