
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_RESERVATIONS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute reservations describe \- show details about a Compute Engine reservation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute reservations describe\fR (\fIRESERVATION\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a Compute Engine reservation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Reservation resource \- The name of the reservation to describe. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [reservation] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIRESERVATION\fR
ID of the reservation or fully qualified identifier for the reservation. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To describe a given Compute Engine reservation, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute reservations describe my\-reservation \e
    \-\-zone=ZONE
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute reservations describe
$ gcloud beta compute reservations describe
.RE

