
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SQL_IMPORT_SQL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta sql import sql \- imports data into a Cloud SQL instance from a SQL dump file



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta sql import sql\fR \fIINSTANCE\fR \fIURI\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR,\ \fB\-d\fR\ \fIDATABASE\fR] [\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR gcloud beta sql import sql imports data into a Cloud SQL instance
from a SQL dump file in Google Cloud Storage.

For detailed help on importing data into Cloud SQL, refer to this guide:
https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/import\-export/importing



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
Cloud SQL instance ID.

.TP 2m
\fIURI\fR
Path to the MySQL dump file in Google Cloud Storage from which the import is
made. The URI is in the form gs://bucketName/fileName. Compressed gzip files
(.gz) are also supported.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-database\fR=\fIDATABASE\fR, \fB\-d\fR \fIDATABASE\fR
Database (for example, guestbook) to which the import is made. If not set, it is
assumed that the database is specified in the file to be imported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-user\fR=\fIUSER\fR
PostgreSQL user for this import operation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To import data from a SQL dump file into a database, \f5testdb\fR, on the
specified Cloud SQL instance \f5test\-instance\-1\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$  gcloud sql import sql test\-instance\-1 \e
    gs://test\-bucket/test\-file.sql.gz \-\-database=testdb
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql import sql
$ gcloud alpha sql import sql
.RE

