
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_IOT_REGISTRIES_CREDENTIALS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha iot registries credentials \- manage credentials for Cloud IoT devices



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha iot registries credentials\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Commands for managing credentials for Google Cloud IoT devices.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBclear\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete all credentials from a registry.

.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add a new credential to a registry.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a credential from a registry.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Show details about a specific registry credential.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List credentials for a registry.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud iot registries credentials
$ gcloud beta iot registries credentials
.RE

