
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_HEALTHCARE_FHIR\-STORES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores delete \- delete a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores delete\fR (\fIFHIR_STORE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Delete a Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

FhirStore resource \- Cloud Healthcare API FHIR store to delete. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [fhir_store] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIFHIR_STORE\fR
ID of the fhirStore or fully qualified identifier for the fhirStore. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dataset\fR=\fIDATASET\fR
Cloud Healthcare dataset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBhealthcare/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/healthcare



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To delete the FHIR store 'test\-fhir\-store', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta healthcare fhir\-stores delete test\-fhir\-store \e
    \-\-dataset=test\-dataset
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud healthcare fhir\-stores delete
$ gcloud alpha healthcare fhir\-stores delete
.RE

