
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG_ENTRIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries create \- create a Cloud Data Catalog entry



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries create\fR (\fIENTRY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) \fB\-\-gcs\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIGCS_FILE_PATTERNS\fR,...] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Data Catalog entry.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Entry resource \- Entry to create. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [entry] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIENTRY\fR
ID of the entry or fully qualified identifier for the entry. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-entry\-group\fR=\fIENTRY_GROUP\fR
Entry group of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Location of the entry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-gcs\-file\-patterns\fR=[\fIGCS_FILE_PATTERNS\fR,...]
Patterns to identify a set of files in Google Cloud Storage. A star (\f5*\fR)
may be used at the end of a pattern to match arbitrary files beginning with that
pattern.

Examples of valid file patterns:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
gs://bucket_name/\f5*\fR \- Matches all files in 'bucket_name'.
.IP "\(em" 2m
gs://bucket_name/file\f5*\fR \- Matches files prefixed by 'file' in
\'bucket_name'.
.IP "\(em" 2m
gs://another_bucket/a.txt \- Matches 'gs://another_bucket/a.txt'.
.RE
.RE
.sp



.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Textual description of the entry.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
Human\-readable name for the entry.

.TP 2m

Column schema for the entry. A schema consists of a list of column names along
with their types, descriptions, modes, and nested subcolumns. For example:

.RS 2m
\- column: first_name
  description: First name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: last_name
  description: Last name
  mode: REQUIRED
  type: STRING
\- column: addresses
  description: Addresses
  mode: REPEATED
  type: RECORD
  subcolumns:
  \- column: city
    description: City
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
  \- column: state
    description: State
    mode: NULLABLE
    type: STRING
.RE

At most one of these may be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\fR=[\fICOLUMN_NAME\fR=\fICOLUMN_TYPE\fR,...]
Inline schema for the entry. When specifying a schema via this argument, only
column names and types should be provided. Column modes will default to
NULLABLE, and column descriptions and nested subcolumns are not supported.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schema\-from\-file\fR=\fISCHEMA_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a JSON or YAML file containing the schema for the entry. This can be
used to specify schemas with column descriptions, column modes other than
NULLABLE, and nested subcolumns.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBdatacatalog/v1beta1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/data\-catalog/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an entry for a Google Cloud Storage fileset, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries create entry1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-entry\-group=group1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-file\-patterns="gs://bucket1/abc/*,gs://bucket1/file1" \e
    \-\-display\-name="analytics data"
.RE

To create an entry for a Google Cloud Storage fileset with an inline schema,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries create entry1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-entry\-group=group1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-file\-patterns="gs://bucket1/*" \-\-display\-name="sales data" \e
    \-\-schema="qtr=STRING,sales=FLOAT,year=STRING"
.RE

To create an entry for a Google Cloud Storage fileset with a schema from a file,
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha data\-catalog entries create entry1 \e
    \-\-location=us\-central1 \-\-entry\-group=group1 \e
    \-\-gcs\-file\-patterns="gs://bucket1/*" \-\-display\-name="sales data" \e
    \-\-schema\-from\-file=/tmp/schema.json
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog entries create
.RE

