
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_MONITORING_CHANNELS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta monitoring channels describe \- describe a notification channel



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta monitoring channels describe\fR \fICHANNEL\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a notification channel.

This retrieves the details about a channel by its programmatic name.


.SH "EXAMPLES"
The following command prints out the JSON format of the configuration for the
\f5NotificationChannel\fR with the name
\f5projects/12345/notificationChannels/67890\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta monitoring channels describe \e
    "projects/12345/notificationChannels/67890" \-\-format=json
.RE



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Notification channel resource \- The notification channel to describe. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [channel] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide
the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fICHANNEL\fR
ID of the notification_channel or fully qualified identifier for the
notification_channel.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v3\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha monitoring channels describe
.RE

