
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_FIRESTORE_INDEXES_FIELDS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta firestore indexes fields list \- list fields with non\-default index settings



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta firestore indexes fields list\fR [\fB\-\-collection\-group\fR=\fICOLLECTION_GROUP\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR List fields that have had their index configurations exempted from
the automatic settings. This includes the field describing the database\-wide
default index settings, unless otherwise filtered out.



.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Collection group resource \- Collection group of the index. This can be omitted
to include fields across all collection groups. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[\-\-collection\-group] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the
property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.
To set the [database] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-collection\-group] on
the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-database] on the command line (currently '(default)' is the only supported
value).


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collection\-group\fR=\fICOLLECTION_GROUP\fR
ID of the collection group or fully qualified identifier for the collection
group.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBfirestore/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/firestore



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command lists all fields with custom index settings:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore indexes fields list
.RE

The following command lists fields with custom index settings in the
\f5Events\fR collection group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore indexes fields list \-\-collection\-group=Events
.RE

The following command lists the indexes of all fields with custom index
settings:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firestore indexes fields list \-\-format="table[box](\e
    name,indexConfig.indexes:format='table[title=INDEXES,box](\e
    fields.order.flatten(),fields.arrayConfig.flatten(),queryScope,state)')"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud firestore indexes fields list
$ gcloud alpha firestore indexes fields list
.RE

