
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_BACKEND\-SERVICES_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute backend\-services describe \- display detailed information about a backend service



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute backend\-services describe\fR \fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute backend\-services describe\fR displays all
data associated with a backend service in a project.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKEND_SERVICE_NAME\fR
Name of the backend service to describe.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the backend service is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the backend service to describe. Overrides the default
\fBcompute/region\fR property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To get details about a global backend service, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services describe \-\-global
To get details about a regional backend service in the \f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR
regions, run:
.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute backend\-services describe \-\-region=us\-central1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute backend\-services describe
$ gcloud alpha compute backend\-services describe
.RE

