
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_MACHINE\-IMAGES_SET\-IAM\-POLICY" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute machine\-images set\-iam\-policy \- set the IAM policy for a Google Compute Engine machine image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute machine\-images set\-iam\-policy\fR \fIMACHINE_IMAGE\fR \fIPOLICY_FILE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Sets the IAM policy for the given machine image as defined in a
JSON or YAML file.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Machine image resource \- The machine image to set the IAM policy for. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [machine_image] on the command line with a fully specified name;
set the property [core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIMACHINE_IMAGE\fR
ID of the machine image or fully qualified identifier for the machine image.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML formatted file containing a valid policy.

The output of the \f5get\-iam\-policy\fR command is a valid file, as is any JSON
or YAML file conforming to the structure of a Policy
(https://cloud.google.com/iam/reference/rest/v1/Policy).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command reads an IAM policy defined in a \f5policy.json\fR file.RS 2m
and sets the policy for the machine image `my\-image`:

.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute machine\-images set\-iam\-policy my\-image \e
    policy.json
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of the
policy file format and contents.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute machine\-images set\-iam\-policy
.RE

