
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ACCESS\-CONTEXT\-MANAGER_PERIMETERS_DRY\-RUN_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run update \- update the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run update\fR (\fIPERIMETER\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-add\-access\-levels\fR=[\fIACCESS\-LEVELS\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-access\-levels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-access\-levels\fR=[\fIACCESS\-LEVELS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-resources\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-add\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fIRESTRICTED\-SERVICES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-restricted\-services\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fIRESTRICTED\-SERVICES\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-enable\-vpc\-accessible\-services\fR\ \fB\-\-add\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC\-ALLOWED\-SERVICES\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-clear\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC\-ALLOWED\-SERVICES\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR This command updates the dry\-run mode configuration (\f5spec\fR)
for a Service Perimeter.

For Service Perimeters with an explicitly defined dry\-run mode configuration
(i.e. an explicit \f5spec\fR), this operation updates that configuration
directly, ignoring enforcement mode configuration.

Service Perimeters that do not have explict dry\-run mode configuration will
inherit the enforcement mode configuration in the dry\-run mode. Therefore, this
command effectively clones the enforcement mode configuration, then applies the
update on that configuration, and uses that as the explicit dry\-run mode
configuration.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Perimeter resource \- The service perimeter to update. The arguments in this
group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPERIMETER\fR
ID of the perimeter or fully qualified identifier for the perimeter. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-policy\fR=\fIPOLICY\fR
The ID of the access policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m

These flags modify the member Access Level of this Service Perimeter. At most
one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-access\-levels\fR=[\fIACCESS\-LEVELS\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current Access Level.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-access\-levels\fR
Empty the current Access Level.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-access\-levels\fR=[\fIACCESS\-LEVELS\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current Access Level.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member Resources of this Service Perimeter. At most one
of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current Resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-resources\fR
Empty the current Resources.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-resources\fR=[\fIRESOURCES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current Resources.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

These flags modify the member Restricted Services of this Service Perimeter. At
most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fIRESTRICTED\-SERVICES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current Restricted Services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-restricted\-services\fR
Empty the current Restricted Services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-restricted\-services\fR=[\fIRESTRICTED\-SERVICES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current Restricted Services.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Arguments for configuring VPC accessible service restrictions.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-vpc\-accessible\-services\fR
When specified restrict API calls within the Service Perimeter to the set of vpc
allowed services. To disable use '\-\-no\-enable\-vpc\-accessible\-services'.

.TP 2m

These flags modify the member VPC Allowed Services of this Service Perimeter. At
most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC\-ALLOWED\-SERVICES\fR,...]
Append the given values to the current VPC Allowed Services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR
Empty the current VPC Allowed Services.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-vpc\-allowed\-services\fR=[\fIVPC\-ALLOWED\-SERVICES\fR,...]
Remove the given values from the current VPC Allowed Services.


.RE
.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the dry\-run mode configuration for a Service Perimeter:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run update \e
    my\-perimeter \-\-add\-resources="projects/123,projects/456" \e
    \-\-remove\-restricted\-services="storage.googleapis.com" \e
    \-\-add\-access\-levels="accessPolicies/123/accessLevels/a_level" \e
    \-\-enable\-vpc\-accessible\-services \-\-clear\-vpc\-allowed\-services
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha access\-context\-manager perimeters dry\-run update
.RE

