
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_MONITORING_POLICIES_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha monitoring policies delete \- delete a Cloud Monitoring alerting policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha monitoring policies delete\fR \fIPOLICY\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Monitoring alerting policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Policy resource \- The alerting policy to delete. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[policy] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPOLICY\fR
ID of the policy or fully qualified identifier for the policy.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBmonitoring/v3\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/api/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

