
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SERVICE\-DIRECTORY_NAMESPACES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces update \- update a namespace



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces update\fR (\fINAMESPACE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Update a namespace.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Namespace resource \- The Service Directory namespace to update. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [namespace] on the
command line with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project]. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAMESPACE\fR
ID of the namespace or fully qualified identifier for the namespace. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The name of the region for the namespace.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Resource labels associated with the namespace.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update a Service Directory namespace, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta service\-directory namespaces update my\-namespace \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-labels=a=b,c=d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha service\-directory namespaces update
.RE

