
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_UPDATE_UDP" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute health\-checks update udp \- update a UDP health check



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute health\-checks update udp\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR] [\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR] [\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR] [\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute health\-checks update udp\fR is used to
update an existing UDP health check. Only arguments passed in will be updated on
the health check. Other attributes will remain unaffected.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
The name of the UDP health check to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-check\-interval\fR=\fICHECK_INTERVAL\fR
How often to perform a health check for an instance. For example, specifying
\f5\fI10s\fR\fR will run the check every 10 seconds. See $ gcloud topic
datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A textual description for the UDP health check. Pass in an empty string to
unset.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-healthy\-threshold\fR=\fIHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive successful health checks before an unhealthy instance
is marked as healthy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\fR=\fIPORT\fR
The UDP port number that this health check monitors. The default is not set.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-port\-name\fR=\fIPORT_NAME\fR
The port name that this health check monitors. By default, this is empty.
Setting this to an empty string will clear any existing port\-name value.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-request\fR=\fIREQUEST\fR
Application data to send in payload of an UDP packet. It is an error if this is
empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-response\fR=\fIRESPONSE\fR
The bytes to match against the beginning of the response data. It is an error if
this is empty.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-timeout\fR=\fITIMEOUT\fR
If Google Compute Engine doesn't receive a healthy response from the instance by
the time specified by the value of this flag, the health check request is
considered a failure. For example, specifying \f5\fI10s\fR\fR will cause the
check to wait for 10 seconds before considering the request a failure. See $
gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-unhealthy\-threshold\fR=\fIUNHEALTHY_THRESHOLD\fR
The number of consecutive health check failures before a healthy instance is
marked as unhealthy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

