
.TH "GCLOUD_IDENTITY_GROUPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud identity groups create \- create a new group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud identity groups create\fR \fIEMAIL\fR \fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR (\fB\-\-customer\fR=\fICUSTOMER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-with\-initial\-owner\fR=\fIWITH_INITIAL_OWNER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Create a new group.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIEMAIL\fR
The email address of the group to be created.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=\fILABELS\fR
Labels for group resource. Example of labels "\-\-labels
cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum"

.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-customer\fR=\fICUSTOMER\fR
The customer ID for the customer\e's G Suite account. Example of customer:
"C01k1e9nw"

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
The organization the Group being created belongs to.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An extended description to help users determine the purpose of a Group. For
example, you can include information about who should join the Group, the types
of messages to send to the Group, links to FAQs about the Group, or related
Groups. Maximum length is 4,096 characters.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The Group's display name.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-with\-initial\-owner\fR=\fIWITH_INITIAL_OWNER\fR
If specified the user making the request will be added as the initial owner of
the group being created. \fIWITH_INITIAL_OWNER\fR must be one of: \fBempty\fR,
\fBinitial\-group\-config\-unspecified\fR, \fBwith\-initial\-owner\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudidentity/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/identity/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a new group:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud identity groups create eng\-discuss@foo.com  \e
    \-\-organization="5149234212"  \e
    \-\-with\-initial\-owner=WITH_INITIAL_OWNER  \e
    \-\-display\-name="Engineer Discuss"  \e
    \-\-description="Group for engineering discussions"  \e
    \-\-labels="cloudidentity.googleapis.com/groups.discussion_forum"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha identity groups create
$ gcloud beta identity groups create
.RE

