
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SQL_DATABASES" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha sql databases \- provide commands for managing databases of Cloud SQL instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha sql databases\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Provide commands for managing databases of Cloud SQL instances,
including creating, deleting, listing, patching, updating, and getting
information about databases.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Creates a database for a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Deletes a Cloud SQL database.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Displays configuration and metadata about a Cloud SQL database.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Lists databases for a Cloud SQL instance.

.TP 2m
\fBpatch\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Patches the settings of a Cloud SQL database.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud sql databases
$ gcloud beta sql databases
.RE

