
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SOLE\-TENANCY_NODE\-GROUPS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a Compute Engine node group



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR (\fINODE_GROUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR) \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ |\ \fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Add an IAM policy binding to the IAM policy of a Compute Engine
node group. One binding consists of a member, a role, and an optional condition.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Node group resource \- The node group for which to add IAM policy binding to.
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[node_group] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[core/project]; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line. This
must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINODE_GROUP\fR
ID of the node_group or fully qualified identifier for the node_group. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The name of the Google Compute Engine zone.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]

Condition of the binding to be added. When condition is explicitly specified as
\f5None\fR (e.g. \-\-condition=None), a binding without a condition is added.
When \-\-condition is specified and is not a \f5None\fR condition,
\f5\-\-role\fR cannot be a primitive role. Primitive roles are
\f5roles/editor\fR, \f5roles/owner\fR, and \f5roles/viewer\fR.

.TP 2m
\fBexpression\fR
(Required) Expression of the condition which evaluates to True or False. This
uses a subset of Common Expression Language syntax.

.TP 2m
\fBtitle\fR
(Required) Title for the expression, i.e. a short string describing its purpose.

.TP 2m
\fBdescription\fR
(Optional) Description for the expression. This is a longer text which describes
the expression.

NOTE: An unsatisfied condition will not allow access via this binding.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-condition\-from\-file\fR=\fICONDITION_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a local JSON or YAML file that defines the condition. To see available
fields, see the help for \f5\-\-condition\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcompute/alpha\fR API. The full documentation for this
API can be found at:
https://developers.google.com/compute/docs/reference/latest/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/compute.admin' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' with node group 'my\-node\-group' and zone 'ZONE', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-node\-group \-\-zone=ZONE \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/compute.admin'
.RE

To add an IAM policy binding which expires at the end of the year 2018 for the
role of 'roles/compute.admin' and the user 'test\-user@gmail.com' with node
group 'my\-node\-group' and zone 'ZONE', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups \e
    add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-node\-group \-\-zone=ZONE \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \e
    \-\-role='roles/compute.admin' \e
    \-\-condition='expression=request.time <
 timestamp("2019\-01\-01T00:00:00Z"),title=expires_end_of_2018,descrip\e
tion=Expires at midnight on 2018\-12\-31'
.RE

See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/managing\-policies for details of policy
role and member types.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding
$ gcloud beta compute sole\-tenancy node\-groups add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

