
.TH "GCLOUD_SCC_ASSETS_LIST\-MARKS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud scc assets list\-marks \- list an assets's security marks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud scc assets list\-marks\fR (\fIASSET\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR] [\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

List an assets's security marks.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Asset resource \- The asset to be used for the SCC (Security Command Center)
command. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIASSET\fR
ID of the asset or fully qualified identifier for the asset. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
(Optional) If the full resource name isn't provided e.g. organizations/123, then
provide the organization id which is the suffix of the organization. Example:
organizations/123, the id is 123.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-token\fR=\fIPAGE_TOKEN\fR
Response objects will return a non\-null value for page\-token to indicate that
there is at least one additional page of data. User can either directly request
that page by specifying the page\-token explicitly or let gcloud fetch
one\-page\-at\-a\-time.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-read\-time\fR=\fIREAD_TIME\fR
Time used as a reference point when filtering. Absence of this field will
default to the API's version of NOW. For example \-\-read\-time
"2019\-02\-28T07:00:00Z"


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBsecuritycenter/v1\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at:
https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/securitycenter.googleapis.com/overview



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List all security marks for asset (8910) under organization (123456):

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc assets list\-marks 8910 \-\-organization=123456
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha scc assets list\-marks
$ gcloud beta scc assets list\-marks
.RE

