
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_SHARED\-VPC_ASSOCIATED\-PROJECTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute shared\-vpc associated\-projects \- configure associated projects for cross\-project networking (XPN)



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute shared\-vpc associated\-projects\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Configure associated projects for cross\-project networking (XPN).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBadd\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Associate the given project with a given shared VPC host project.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List the associated service projects of the given host project.

.TP 2m
\fBremove\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Disassociate the given project from the given shared VPC host
project.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute shared\-vpc associated\-projects
$ gcloud beta compute shared\-vpc associated\-projects
.RE

