
.TH "GCLOUD_COMPUTE_NETWORK\-ENDPOINT\-GROUPS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups \- read and manipulate Compute Engine network endpoint groups



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud compute network\-endpoint\-groups\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Read and manipulate network endpoint groups.

For more information about network endpoint groups, see the network endpoint
groups documentation (https://cloud.google.com/load\-balancing/docs/negs/).

See also: Network endpoint groups API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/networkEndpointGroups).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
Create a Compute Engine network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
Delete a Compute Engine network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
Describe a Compute Engine network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
List Google Compute Engine network endpoint groups.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\-network\-endpoints\fR
List network endpoints in a network endpoint group.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
Update a Compute Engine network endpoint group.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute network\-endpoint\-groups
$ gcloud beta compute network\-endpoint\-groups
.RE

