
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_RESOURCE\-POLICIES_CREATE_GROUP\-PLACEMENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute resource\-policies create group\-placement \- create a Compute Engine group placement resource policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute resource\-policies create group\-placement\fR \fINAME\fR [\fB\-\-availability\-domain\-count\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_DOMAIN_COUNT\fR] [\fB\-\-collocation\fR=\fICOLLOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine Group Placement Resource Policy.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fINAME\fR
Name of the resource policy to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-availability\-domain\-count\fR=\fIAVAILABILITY_DOMAIN_COUNT\fR
Number of availability domain in the group placement policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-collocation\fR=\fICOLLOCATION\fR
Collocation specifies whether to place VMs inside the sameavailability domain on
the same low\-latency network. \fICOLLOCATION\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcollocated\fR
Low network latency between more VMs placed on the same availability domain.
.TP 2m
\fBunspecified\-collocation\fR
Unspecified network latency between VMs placed on the same availability domain.
This is the default behavior.
.RE
.sp


.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the backend.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the resource policy to operate on. If not specified, you may be
prompted to select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR
Number of instances targeted by the group placement policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a Compute Engine group placement policy with two availability domains,
run:.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute resource\-policies create group\-placement \e
    my\-resource\-policy \-\-region=REGION \-\-availability\-domain\-count=2

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute resource\-policies create group\-placement
$ gcloud alpha compute resource\-policies create group\-placement
.RE

