
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_ML_VISION_PRODUCT\-SEARCH_PRODUCTS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update \- update a product



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update\fR (\fIPRODUCT\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fB\-\-add\-product\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fB\-\-clear\-product\-labels\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-remove\-product\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR update a product.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Product resource \- The product to update. The arguments in this group can be
used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not
given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [product] on the command line with a fully
specified name; set the property [core/project]; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIPRODUCT\fR
ID of the product or fully qualified identifier for the product. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The location of product.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-add\-product\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of product labels to add. If a label already exists, it is silently
ignored.

For example, to add the product labels 'foo=baz' and 'baz=qux':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update \e
  \-\-add\-product\-labels='foo=baz,baz=qux'
.RE

To change the product label 'foo=baz' to 'foo=qux':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update \e
  \-\-remove\-product\-labels='foo=baz' \-\-add\-product\-labels='foo\-qux'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional description of this product. It can be up to 4096 characters long.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
The display name of this product. It must not be empty and can be up to 4096
characters long.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-clear\-product\-labels\fR
Remove all product labels. If \f5\-\-add\-product\-labels\fR is also specified,
then \f5\-\-clear\-product\-labels\fR is applied first.

For example, to remove all product labels:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update \e
  \-\-clear\-product\-labels
.RE

To set the product labels to exactly "foo" and "baz":

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update \e
  \-\-clear\-product\-labels \-\-add\-product\-labels='foo=bar,baz=qux'
.RE

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-remove\-product\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of product labels to remove. If \f5\-\-add\-product\-labels\fR is also
specified, then \f5\-\-remove\-product\-labels\fR is applied first. If a label
does not exist it is silently ignored. Because each key can be associated with
multiple values, both key and value need to be specified to remove the product
label.

For example, to remove the product labels 'foo=baz' and 'baz=qux':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update \e
  \-\-remove\-product\-labels='foo=baz,baz=qux'
.RE


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To change the display name to 'new\-display\-\-name', and description to
\'new\-description' of product 'my\-product' in location 'us\-east1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update my\-product \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-display\-name='new\-display\-name' \e
    \-\-description='new\-description'
.RE

To add labels 'color=blue' to and remove 'weight=10lbs' from product
\'my\-product' in location 'us\-east1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update my\-product \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-add\-product\-labels='color=blue' \e
    \-\-remove\-product\-labels='weight=10lbs'
.RE

To clear all labels from product 'my\-product' in location 'us\-east1', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha ml vision product\-search products update my\-product \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1 \-\-clear\-product\-labels
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision product\-search products update
.RE

