
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_URL\-MAPS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute url\-maps create \- create a URL map



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute url\-maps create\fR \fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR (\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-global\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute url\-maps create\fR is used to create URL
maps which map HTTP and HTTPS request URLs to backend services and backend
buckets. Mappings are done using a longest\-match strategy.

There are two components to a mapping: a host rule and a path matcher. A host
rule maps one or more hosts to a path matcher. A path matcher maps request paths
to backend services or backend buckets. For example, a host rule can map the
hosts \f5\fI\fB.google.com\fR\fR and \f5\fIgoogle.com\fR\fR to a path matcher
called \f5\fIwww\fR\fR. The \f5\fIwww\fR\fR path matcher in turn can map the
path \f5\fI/search/\fR\fR\fR to the search backend service, the path
\f5\fI/static/\fB\fR\fR to the static backend bucket and everything else to a
default backend service or default backend bucket.

Host rules and patch matchers can be added to the URL map after the map is
created by using \f5gcloud compute url\-maps edit\fR or by using \f5gcloud
compute url\-maps add\-path\-matcher\fR and \f5gcloud compute url\-maps
add\-host\-rule\fR.


\fR

.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIURL_MAP_NAME\fR
Name of the URL map to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-backend\-bucket\fR=\fIDEFAULT_BACKEND_BUCKET\fR
A backend bucket that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-default\-service\fR=\fIDEFAULT_SERVICE\fR
A backend service that will be used for requests for which this URL map has no
mappings. Exactly one of \-\-default\-service or \-\-default\-backend\-bucket is
required.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the URL map.

.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-global\fR
If set, the URL map is global.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the URL map to create. If not specified, you may be prompted to select
a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute url\-maps create
$ gcloud beta compute url\-maps create
.RE

