
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_FIREBASE_TEST_IOS_VERSIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha firebase test ios versions \- explore iOS versions available for testing



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha firebase test ios versions\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Explore iOS versions available for testing.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe an iOS operating system version.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all iOS versions available for testing.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To list information about all versions of iOS available for running tests,
including details such as OS major and minor versions, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test ios versions list
.RE

To view information about a specific version of iOS, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha firebase test ios versions describe VERSION_ID
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta firebase test ios versions
.RE

