
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_REMOTE\-BUILD\-EXECUTION_WORKER\-POOLS_DELETE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools delete \- delete a worker pool from a specified instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools delete\fR (\fIWORKERPOOL\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a worker pool from a specified instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Workerpool resource \- Arguments and parameters that specify the worker pool to
delete. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[workerpool] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project].
This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIWORKERPOOL\fR
ID of the workerpool or fully qualified identifier for the workerpool. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
Instance name.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBremotebuildexecution/v1alpha\fR API. The full
documentation for this API can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/remote\-build\-execution/docs/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command deletes the workerpool called 'pool' from the instance
called 'default_instance':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools delete pool \e
    \-\-instance=default_instance
.RE

Rather than passing the worker pool and instance as separate parameters, you can
pass the worker pool as a resource, like so:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha remote\-build\-execution worker\-pools delete \e
    projects/{projectId}/instance/default_instance/workerpools/pool
.RE

where {projectId} is the ID of the Cloud Platform project that contains the
instance.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist.

