
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates run \- run a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates run\fR \fITEMPLATE\fR [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Run a workflow template.

Workflow template run command is deprecated, please use instantiate command:
"gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates instantiate"



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
The ID of the workflow template to run.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Display information about the operation in progress, without waiting for the
operation to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Specifies the Cloud Dataproc region to use. Each Cloud Dataproc region
constitutes an independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances
into Google Compute Engine zones inside the region. The default value of
"global" is a special multi\-region namespace which is capable of deploying
instances into all Google Compute Engine zones globally, and is disjoint from
other Cloud Dataproc regions. Overrides the default \fBdataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice.

