
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RUN_CONFIGURATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha run configurations \- view and manage your Cloud Run configurations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha run configurations\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR View and manage your Cloud Run configurations.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Obtain details about a given configuration.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List available Configurations.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update Cloud Run environment variables and other configuration
settings.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update one or more env vars:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run configurations update \e
    \-\-update\-env\-vars KEY1=VALUE1,KEY2=VALUE2
.RE

To remove one or more env vars:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run configurations update \-\-remove\-env\-vars KEY1,KEY2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

