
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_DISKS_RESIZE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute disks resize \- resize a disk or disks



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute disks resize\fR \fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR [\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute disks resize\fR resizes a Google Compute
Engine disk(s).

Only increasing disk size is supported. Disks can be resized regardless of
whether they are attached.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDISK_NAME\fR [\fIDISK_NAME\fR ...]
Names of the disks to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-size\fR=\fISIZE\fR
Indicates the new size of the disks. The value must be a whole number followed
by a size unit of \f5\fIGB\fR\fR for gigabyte, or \f5\fITB\fR\fR for terabyte.
If no size unit is specified, GB is assumed. For example, \f5\fI10GB\fR\fR will
produce 10 gigabyte disks. Disk size must be a multiple of 1 GB.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At most one of these may be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Region of the disks to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a region.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/region\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/region REGION
.RE

A list of regions can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute regions list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/region
.RE

Alternatively, the region can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_REGION\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the disks to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To resize a disk called example\-disk\-1 to new size 6TB, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks resize example\-disk\-1 \-\-size=6TB
.RE

To resize two disks called example\-disk\-2 and example\-disk\-3 to new size
6TB, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute disks resize example\-disk\-2 example\-disk\-3 \e
   \-\-size=6TB
.RE

This assumes that original size of each of these disks is 6TB or less.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute disks resize
$ gcloud beta compute disks resize
.RE

