
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATAPROC_WORKFLOW\-TEMPLATES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates create \- create a workflow template



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates create\fR (\fITEMPLATE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR) [\fB\-\-dag\-timeout\fR=\fIDAG_TIMEOUT\fR] [\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a workflow template.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Template resource \- The name of the workflow template to create. The arguments
in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE)
Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other
ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [template] on the
command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on
the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fITEMPLATE\fR
ID of the template or fully qualified identifier for the template. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
Dataproc region for the template. Each Dataproc region constitutes an
independent resource namespace constrained to deploying instances into Compute
Engine zones inside the region. Overrides the default \f5dataproc/region\fR
property value for this command invocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-dag\-timeout\fR=\fIDAG_TIMEOUT\fR
The duration for which a DAG of jobs can run before being auto\-cancelled, such
as "10m" or "16h". See $ gcloud topic datetimes for information on duration
formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
List of label KEY=VALUE pairs to add.

Keys must start with a lowercase character and contain only hyphens (\f5\-\fR),
underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and numbers. Values must contain
only hyphens (\f5\-\fR), underscores (\f5_\fR), lowercase characters, and
numbers.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create a workflow template named \f5\fImy\-workflow\-template\fR\fR in region
\f5\fIus\-central1\fR\fR with label params 'key1'='value1' and 'key2'='value2',
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha dataproc workflow\-templates create \e
    my\-workflow\-template \-\-region=us\-central1 \e
    \-\-labels="key1=value1,key2=value2"
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud dataproc workflow\-templates create
$ gcloud beta dataproc workflow\-templates create
.RE

