
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_ORG\-SECURITY\-POLICIES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies create \- create a Google Compute Engine organization security policy



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies create\fR (\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fBgcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies create\fR is used to
create organization security policies. An organization security policy is a set
of rules that controls access to various resources.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-folder\fR=\fIFOLDER\fR
Folder in which the organization security policy is to be created.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-organization\fR=\fIORGANIZATION\fR
Organization in which the organization security policy is to be created.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
An optional, textual description for the organization security policy.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-display\-name\fR=\fIDISPLAY_NAME\fR
A textual name of the security policy.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an organization security policy under folder with ID ``123456789",
run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta compute org\-security\-policies create create \e
\-\-folder=123456789
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute org\-security\-policies create
.RE

