
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_RUN" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta run \- manage your Cloud Run applications



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta run\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR The gcloud run command group lets you deploy container images to
Google Cloud Run.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdomain\-mappings\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View and manage your Cloud Run domain mappings.

.TP 2m
\fBrevisions\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View and manage your Cloud Run revisions.

.TP 2m
\fBservices\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR View and manage your Cloud Run services.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdeploy\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Deploy a container to Cloud Run.


.RE
.sp

.SH "EXAMPLES"

To deploy your container, use the \f5gcloud run deploy\fR command:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud run deploy <service\-name> \-\-image <image_name>
.RE

For more information, run:.RS 2m
$ gcloud run deploy \-\-help

.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha run
.RE

