
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SPANNER_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha spanner instances update \- update a Cloud Spanner instance



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha spanner instances update\fR [\fIINSTANCE\fR] [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-nodes\fR=\fINODES\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Spanner instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- The Cloud Spanner instance to update. This represents a
Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[instance] on the command line with a fully specified name; set the property
[spanner/instance] with a fully specified name; set the property [core/project];
provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
[\fIINSTANCE\fR]
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
The descriptive name for this instance as it appears in UIs. Must be unique per
project and between 4 and 30 characters in length.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-nodes\fR=\fINODES\fR
The number of nodes allocated to this instance to update.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBspanner/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/spanner/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner instances update
$ gcloud beta spanner instances update
.RE

