
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_COMPUTE_INTERCONNECTS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta compute interconnects \- read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnects



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta compute interconnects\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Cloud Interconnect connections.

For more information about Cloud Interconnect, see the Cloud Interconnect
documentation
(https://cloud.google.com//network\-connectivity/docs/interconnect/concepts/overview).

See also: Interconnects API
(https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/reference/rest/v1/interconnects).



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBattachments\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnect attachments.

.TP 2m
\fBlocations\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Read and manipulate Compute Engine interconnect locations.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Create a Compute Engine interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Delete Compute Engine interconnects.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Describe a Compute Engine interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fBget\-diagnostics\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Get diagnostics of a Compute Engine interconnect.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR List Google Compute Engine interconnects.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(BETA)\fR Update a Compute Engine interconnect.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute interconnects
$ gcloud alpha compute interconnects
.RE

