
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_HEALTH\-CHECKS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute health\-checks create \- create health checks for load balanced instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute health\-checks create\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create health checks for load balanced instances.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBhttp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a HTTP health check to monitor load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBhttp2\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a HTTP2 health check to monitor load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBhttps\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a HTTPS health check to monitor load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBssl\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a SSL health check to monitor load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBtcp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a TCP health check to monitor load balanced instances.

.TP 2m
\fBudp\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a UDP health check to monitor load balanced instances.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute health\-checks create
$ gcloud beta compute health\-checks create
.RE

