
.TH "GCLOUD_BIGTABLE_BACKUPS_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud bigtable backups update \- update a backup, only supported for the following fields: \-\-expiration\-date and \-\-retention\-period



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud bigtable backups update\fR (\fIBACKUP\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) (\fB\-\-expiration\-date\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_DATE\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-retention\-period\fR=\fIRETENTION_PERIOD\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Update a backup, only supported for the following fields: \-\-expiration\-date
and \-\-retention\-period.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Backup resource \- Cloud Bigtable backup to update. The arguments in this group
can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes
are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the
[project] attribute: provide the argument [backup] on the command line with a
fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line;
set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIBACKUP\fR
ID of the backup or fully qualified identifier for the backup. This positional
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-cluster\fR=\fICLUSTER\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable cluster.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The name of the Cloud Bigtable instance.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-expiration\-date\fR=\fIEXPIRATION_DATE\fR
Absolute expiration time of the backup, must be at least 6 hours and at most 30
days from the time the request is received. See \f5$ gcloud topic datetimes\fR
for information on date/time formats.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-retention\-period\fR=\fIRETENTION_PERIOD\fR
Retention period of the backup relative from now, must be at least 6 hours and
at most 30 days from backup creation time. See \f5$ gcloud topic datetimes\fR
for information on duration formats. See \f5$ gcloud bigtable backups
describe\fR for creation time.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBbigtableadmin/v2\fR API. The full documentation for
this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/bigtable/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update the expire time of backup 'BACKUP_NAME' to 7 days from now, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud bigtable backups update BACKUP_NAME \e
    \-\-instance=INSTANCE_NAME \-\-cluster=CLUSTER_NAME
\-\-retention\-period=7d
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha bigtable backups update
$ gcloud beta bigtable backups update
.RE

