
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_NOTEBOOKS_INSTANCES_UPDATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta notebooks instances update \- request for updating instances



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta notebooks instances update\fR (\fIINSTANCE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) (\fB\-\-accelerator\-core\-count\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_CORE_COUNT\fR\ \fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR\ \fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]\ \fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR) [\fB\-\-async\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Request for updating notbook instance.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Instance resource \- User\-defined unique name of this instance. The instance
name must be 1 to 63 characters long and contain only lowercase letters, numeric
characters, and dashes. The first character must be a lowercase letter and the
last character cannot be a dash. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [instance] on the command line with a fully
specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the
property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE\fR
ID of the instance or fully qualified identifier for the instance. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud location of this environment
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/regions\-zones/#locations.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

At least one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-core\-count\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_CORE_COUNT\fR
Count of cores of this accelerator.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\-type\fR=\fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR
Type of this accelerator. \fIACCELERATOR_TYPE\fR must be one of:
\fBNVIDIA_TESLA_K80\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P100\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_V100\fR,
\fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P4\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_T4\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_T4_VWS\fR,
\fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P100_VWS\fR, \fBNVIDIA_TESLA_P4_VWS\fR, \fBTPU_V2\fR,
\fBTPU_V3\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-labels\fR=[\fIKEY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Labels to apply to this instance. These can be later modified by the setLabels
method.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The Compute Engine machine type.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-async\fR
Return immediately, without waiting for the operation in progress to complete.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To update machine type for an instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks instances update \e
  /projects/example\-project/locations/us\-central1\-b/instances/\e
example\-instance \-\-machine\-type=n1\-standard\-8
.RE

To update labels for an instance, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks instances update \e
  /projects/example\-project/locations/us\-central1\-b/instances/\e
example\-instance \-\-labels=k1=v1,k2=v2
.RE

To update labels and accelerator cores, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta notebooks instances update \e
  /projects/example\-project/locations/us\-central1\-b/instances/\e
example\-instance \-\-labels=k1=v1,k2=v2 \-\-accelerator\-core\-count=2
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha notebooks instances update
.RE

