
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_PUBSUB_SUBSCRIPTIONS_MODIFY\-ACK\-DEADLINE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-ack\-deadline \- modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud Pub/Sub message



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta pubsub subscriptions modify\-ack\-deadline\fR \fISUBSCRIPTION\fR [\fIACK_ID\fR\ ...] \fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR [\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR \fB(DEPRECATED)\fR Modifies the ACK deadline for a specific Cloud
Pub/Sub message.

This command has been renamed. Please use \f5modify\-message\-ack\-deadline\fR
instead.

This method is useful to indicate that more time is needed to process a message
by the subscriber, or to make the message available for redelivery if the
processing was interrupted.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISUBSCRIPTION\fR
Name of the subscription messages belong to.

.TP 2m
[\fIACK_ID\fR ...]
(DEPRECATED) One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.

Positional argument \f5ACK_ID\fR is deprecated. Please use \f5\-\-ack\-ids\fR
instead.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-deadline\fR=\fIACK_DEADLINE\fR
The number of seconds the system will wait for a subscriber to acknowledge
receiving a message before re\-attempting delivery.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-ack\-ids\fR=[\fIACK_ID\fR,...]
One or more ACK_ID to modify the deadline for.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha pubsub subscriptions modify\-ack\-deadline
.RE

