
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTORS_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta container binauthz attestors create \- create an Attestor



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta container binauthz attestors create\fR \fIATTESTOR\fR (\fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\-project\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The attestor to be created. This represents a Cloud
resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but can
be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[ATTESTOR] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Note resource \- The Container Analysis ATTESTATION_AUTHORITY Note to which the
created attestor will be bound.

.RE
.sp
For the attestor to be able to access and use the Note, the Note must exist and
the active gcloud account (core/account) must have the
\f5containeranalysis.notes.listOccurrences\fR permission for the Note. This can
be achieved by granting the \f5containeranalysis.notes.occurrences.viewer\fR
role to the active account for the Note resource in question.

.RS 2m
The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. This must be specified.
.RE


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE\fR
ID of the note or fully qualified identifier for the note. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestation\-authority\-note\-project\fR=\fIATTESTATION_AUTHORITY_NOTE_PROJECT\fR
The Container Analysis project for the note.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A description for the attestor


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To create an Attestor with an existing Note
\f5projects/my_proj/notes/my_note\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestors create \e
    my_new_attestor
    \-\-attestation\-authority\-note=my_note \e
    \-\-attestation\-authority\-note\-project=my_proj \e
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz attestors create
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestors create
.RE

