
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCC_NOTIFICATIONS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scc notifications \- manage Cloud SCC notifications



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scc notifications\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud SCC notifications.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Security Command Center notification config.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a Cloud Security Command Center notification config.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a Cloud Security Command Center notification config.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List Cloud Security Command Center notification configs.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a Cloud Security Command Center notification config.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud scc notifications
$ gcloud beta scc notifications
.RE

