
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_INSTANCES_DELETE\-ACCESS\-CONFIG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute instances delete\-access\-config \- delete an access configuration from a virtual machine network interface



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute instances delete\-access\-config\fR \fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR [\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR=\fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR;\ default="external\-nat"] [\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR;\ default="nic0"] [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR \fBgcloud alpha compute instances delete\-access\-config\fR is
used to delete access configurations from network interfaces of Google Compute
Engine virtual machines. Access configurations allow you to assign a public,
external IP to a virtual machine.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIINSTANCE_NAME\fR
The name of the instance to operate on.


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-access\-config\-name\fR=\fIACCESS_CONFIG_NAME\fR; default="external\-nat"
Specifies the name of the access configuration to delete.
\f5\fIexternal\-nat\fR\fR is used as the default if this flag is not provided.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-network\-interface\fR=\fINETWORK_INTERFACE\fR; default="nic0"
Specifies the name of the network interface from which to delete the access
configuration. If this is not provided, then \f5\fInic0\fR\fR is used as the
default.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
The zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified, you may be prompted to
select a zone. \f5gcloud\fR will attempt to identify the zone by searching for
resources in your project. If the zone cannot be determined, you will then be
prompted with all Google Cloud Platform zones.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To remove the externally accessible IP from a virtual machine named
\f5\fIexample\-instance\fR\fR in zone \f5\fIus\-central1\-a\fR\fR, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha compute instances delete\-access\-config \e
    example\-instance \-\-zone us\-central1\-a
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute instances delete\-access\-config
$ gcloud beta compute instances delete\-access\-config
.RE

