
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_SPANNER_DATABASES_EXECUTE\-SQL" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta spanner databases execute\-sql \- executes a SQL query against a Cloud Spanner database



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta spanner databases execute\-sql\fR (\fIDATABASE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR) \fB\-\-sql\fR=\fISQL\fR [\fB\-\-enable\-partitioned\-dml\fR] [\fB\-\-query\-mode\fR=\fIQUERY_MODE\fR;\ default="NORMAL"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Executes a SQL query against a Cloud Spanner database.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Database resource \- The Cloud Spanner database to execute the SQL query
against. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in this group but
can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument
[database] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the argument
[\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be
specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIDATABASE\fR
ID of the database or fully qualified identifier for the database. This
positional must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are
specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-instance\fR=\fIINSTANCE\fR
The Cloud Spanner instance for the database.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sql\fR=\fISQL\fR
The SQL query to issue to the database. Cloud Spanner SQL is described at
https://cloud.google.com/spanner/docs/query\-syntax


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-enable\-partitioned\-dml\fR
Execute DML statement using Partitioned DML

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-query\-mode\fR=\fIQUERY_MODE\fR; default="NORMAL"
Mode in which the query must be processed. \fIQUERY_MODE\fR must be one of:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBNORMAL\fR
Returns only the query result, without any information about the query plan.
.TP 2m
\fBPLAN\fR
Returns only the query plan, without any result rows or execution statistics
information.
.TP 2m
\fBPROFILE\fR
Returns both the query plan and the execution statistics along with the result
rows.
.RE
.sp



.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To execute a SQL SELECT statement against example\-database under.RS 2m
example\-instance, run:

.RE

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta spanner databases execute\-sql example\-database \e
    \-\-instance=example\-instance
\-\-sql='SELECT * FROM MyTable WHERE MyKey = 1'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud spanner databases execute\-sql
$ gcloud alpha spanner databases execute\-sql
.RE

