
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_ALLOCATIONS_UPDATE\-RESOURCE\-SHAPE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute allocations update\-resource\-shape \- update the resource shape a Compute Engine zonal allocation



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute allocations update\-resource\-shape\fR \fIALLOCATION\fR \fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR \fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR [\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR] [[\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]\ \fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]\ \fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR]] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update the resource shape a Compute Engine zonal allocation. This
command changes the zonal allocation and the machines updated would be added to
the destination allocation.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIALLOCATION\fR
Name of the zonal allocation to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-destination\fR=\fIDESTINATION\fR
The name of destination allocation where the machines are added. If existing,
its machine spec must match the modified machine spec. If non existing, new
allocation with this name and modified machine spec is created automatically.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-vm\-count\fR=\fIVM_COUNT\fR
The number of resources that are allocated to this allocation.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-zone\fR=\fIZONE\fR
Zone of the zonal allocation to create. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m

Manage the specific SKU allocation properties to update

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-machine\-type\fR=\fIMACHINE_TYPE\fR
The type of machine (name only) which has fixed number of vCPUs and fixed amount
of memory. This also includes specifying custom machine type following
custom\-NUMBER_OF_CPUS\-AMOUNT_OF_MEMORY pattern. This flag must be specified if
any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-accelerator\fR=[\fIcount\fR=\fICOUNT\fR],[\fItype\fR=\fITYPE\fR]
Manage the configuration of the type and number of accelerator cards attached.

.TP 2m
\fBcount\fR
The number of pieces of the accelerator to attach to the allocation.

.TP 2m
\fBtype\fR
The specific type (e.g. nvidia\-tesla\-k80 for nVidia Tesla K80) of accelerator
to attach to the allocation. Use 'gcloud compute accelerator\-types list' to
learn about all available accelerator types.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-local\-ssd\fR=[\fIinterface\fR=\fIINTERFACE\fR],[\fIsize\fR=\fISIZE\fR]
Manage the size and the interface of local SSD to use.

.TP 2m
\fBinterface\fR
The kind of disk interface exposed to the VM for this SSD. Valid values are
\f5\fIscsi\fR\fR and \f5\fInvme\fR\fR. SCSI is the default and is supported by
more guest operating systems. NVME may provide higher performance.

.TP 2m
\fBsize\fR
The size of the local SSD in base\-2 GB.
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-min\-cpu\-platform\fR=\fIMIN_CPU_PLATFORM\fR
The minimum cpu platform of the allocation.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

