
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_ML_VISION_DETECT\-DOCUMENT" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta ml vision detect\-document \- detect dense text in an image



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta ml vision detect\-document\fR \fIIMAGE_PATH\fR [\fB\-\-language\-hints\fR=[\fILANGUAGE_HINTS\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR;\ default="builtin/stable"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Detect dense text in an image, such as books and research reports.

Google Cloud Vision uses OCR (Optical Character Recognition) to analyze text.
This is a premium feature for dense text such as books, research reports, and
PDFs. To detect small amounts of text such as on signs, use \f5detect\-text\fR
instead. For more information on this feature, see the Google Cloud Vision
documentation at https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/.

Language hints can be provided to Google Cloud Vision API. In most cases, an
empty value yields the best results since it enables automatic language
detection. For languages based on the Latin alphabet, setting
\f5language_hints\fR is not needed. Text detection returns an error if one or
more of the specified languages is not one of the supported languages. (See
https://cloud.google.com/vision/docs/languages.) To provide language hints run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision detect\-document \-\-language\-hints ja,ko
.RE




.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE_PATH\fR
Path to the image to be analyzed. This can be either a local path or a URL. If
you provide a local file, the contents will be sent directly to Google Cloud
Vision. If you provide a URL, it must be in Google Cloud Storage format
(gs://bucket/object) or an HTTP URL (http://... or https://...)


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-language\-hints\fR=[\fILANGUAGE_HINTS\fR,...]
List of languages to use for text detection.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-model\-version\fR=\fIMODEL_VERSION\fR; default="builtin/stable"
Model version to use for the feature. \fIMODEL_VERSION\fR must be one of:
\fBbuiltin/latest\fR, \fBbuiltin/stable\fR.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBvision/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/vision/



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To detect dense text in image 'gs://my_bucket/input_file':

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta ml vision detect\-document gs://my_bucket/input_file
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. These variants
are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud ml vision detect\-document
$ gcloud alpha ml vision detect\-document
.RE

