
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_BUILDS_WORKER\-POOLS" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha builds worker\-pools \- manage worker pools for Google Cloud Build



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha builds worker\-pools\fR \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage worker pools for Google Cloud Build.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcreate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a worker pool for use by Google Cloud Build.

.TP 2m
\fBdelete\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Delete a worker pool from Google Cloud Build.

.TP 2m
\fBdescribe\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Describe a worker pool used by Google Cloud Build.

.TP 2m
\fBlist\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR List all worker pools in a Google Cloud project.

.TP 2m
\fBupdate\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Update a workerpool used by Google Cloud Build.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta builds worker\-pools
.RE

