
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_API\-GATEWAY_APIS_ADD\-IAM\-POLICY\-BINDING" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta api\-gateway apis add\-iam\-policy\-binding \- add IAM policy binding to a gateway



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta api\-gateway apis add\-iam\-policy\-binding\fR \fIAPI\fR \fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR \fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Add IAM policy binding to a gateway.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Api resource \- Name for API which IAM policy binding will be added to. This
represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given arguments in
this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project] attribute: provide
the argument [api] on the command line with a fully specified name; provide the
argument [\-\-project] on the command line; set the property [core/project]. To
set the [location] attribute: provide the argument [api] on the command line
with a fully specified name; Location for API and API Configs. Defaults to
global. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIAPI\fR
ID of the api or fully qualified identifier for the api.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-member\fR=\fIMEMBER\fR
The member to add the binding for. Should be of the form
\f5user|group|serviceAccount:email\fR or \f5domain:domain\fR.

Examples: \f5user:test\-user@gmail.com\fR, \f5group:admins@example.com\fR,
\f5serviceAccount:test123@example.domain.com\fR, or
\f5domain:example.domain.com\fR.

Can also be one of the following special values:
.RS 2m
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is on the
internet, with or without a Google account.
.IP "\(em" 2m
\f5allAuthenticatedUsers\fR \- Special identifier that represents anyone who is
authenticated with a Google account or a service account.
.RE
.RE
.sp

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-role\fR=\fIROLE\fR
Define the role of the member.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To add an IAM policy binding for the role of 'roles/editor' for the user
\'test\-user@gmail.com' on the API 'my\-api', run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta api\-gateway apis add\-iam\-policy\-binding my\-api \e
    \-\-member='user:test\-user@gmail.com' \-\-role='roles/editor
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha api\-gateway apis add\-iam\-policy\-binding
.RE

