
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_KMS_KEYS_DESCRIBE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha kms keys describe \- get metadata for a given key



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha kms keys describe\fR (\fIKEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR) [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Returns metadata for the given key.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Key resource \- The KMS key resource. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some attributes are not given
arguments in this group but can be set in other ways. To set the [project]
attribute: provide the argument [key] on the command line with a fully specified
name; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIKEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This positional must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-keyring\fR=\fIKEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity.

Run \fB$ gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

The following command returns metadata for the key \f5frodo\fR within the
keyring \f5fellowship\fR in the location \f5us\-east1\fR:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha kms keys describe frodo \-\-keyring=fellowship \e
    \-\-location=us\-east1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
allowlist. These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud kms keys describe
$ gcloud beta kms keys describe
.RE

