
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_DATA\-CATALOG" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha data\-catalog \- manage Cloud Data Catalog resources



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha data\-catalog\fR \fIGROUP\fR | \fICOMMAND\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud Data Catalog resources.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBcrawler\-runs\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage crawler runs in Cloud Data Catalog.

.TP 2m
\fBcrawlers\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage crawler configurations in Cloud Data Catalog.

.TP 2m
\fBentries\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage entries in Cloud Data Catalog.

.TP 2m
\fBentry\-groups\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage entry groups in Cloud Data Catalog.

.TP 2m
\fBtag\-templates\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage tag templates in Cloud Data Catalog.

.TP 2m
\fBtags\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage tags in Cloud Data Catalog.


.RE
.sp

.SH "COMMANDS"

\f5\fICOMMAND\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBsearch\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Search Cloud Data Catalog for resources that match a query.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta data\-catalog
.RE

