
.TH "GCLOUD_CONTAINER_BINAUTHZ_ATTESTATIONS_LIST" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud container binauthz attestations list \- list Binary Authorization attestations



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud container binauthz attestations list\fR (\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR) [\fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR] [\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR] [\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR] [\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR] [\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-uri\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

This command lists Binary Authorization attestations for your project. Command
line flags specify which artifact to list the attestations for. If no artifact
is specified, then this lists all URLs with associated occurrences.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Attestor resource \- The Attestor whose Container Analysis Note will be queried
for attestations. Note that the caller must have the
\f5containeranalysis.notes.listOccurrences\fR permission on the note being
queried. The arguments in this group can be used to specify the attributes of
this resource. This must be specified.


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\fR=\fIATTESTOR\fR
ID of the attestor or fully qualified identifier for the attestor. This flag
must be specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attestor\-project\fR=\fIATTESTOR_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the attestor.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-artifact\-url\fR=\fIARTIFACT_URL\fR
Container URL. May be in the \f5gcr.io/repository/image\fR format, or may
optionally contain the \f5http\fR or \f5https\fR scheme


.RE
.sp

.SH "LIST COMMAND FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-filter\fR=\fIEXPRESSION\fR
Apply a Boolean filter \fIEXPRESSION\fR to each resource item to be listed. If
the expression evaluates \f5True\fR, then that item is listed. For more details
and examples of filter expressions, run $ gcloud topic filters. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-limit\fR=\fILIMIT\fR
Maximum number of resources to list. The default is \fBunlimited\fR. This flag
interacts with other flags that are applied in this order: \fB\-\-flatten\fR,
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-page\-size\fR=\fIPAGE_SIZE\fR
Some services group resource list output into pages. This flag specifies the
maximum number of resources per page. The default is determined by the service
if it supports paging, otherwise it is \fBunlimited\fR (no paging). Paging may
be applied before or after \fB\-\-filter\fR and \fB\-\-limit\fR depending on the
service.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-sort\-by\fR=[\fIFIELD\fR,...]
Comma\-separated list of resource field key names to sort by. The default order
is ascending. Prefix a field with ``~'' for descending order on that field. This
flag interacts with other flags that are applied in this order:
\fB\-\-flatten\fR, \fB\-\-sort\-by\fR, \fB\-\-filter\fR, \fB\-\-limit\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-uri\fR
Print a list of resource URIs instead of the default output.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

List the Occurrence messages for all attestations bound to the passed attestor:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz attestations list \e
    \-\-attestor=projects/foo/attestor/bar
.RE

List the Occurrence messages for all attestations for the passed artifact\-url
bound to the passed attestor:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud container binauthz attestations list \e
    \-\-attestor=projects/foo/attestors/bar \e
    \-\-artifact\-url='gcr.io/foo/example\-image@sha256:abcd'
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha container binauthz attestations list
$ gcloud beta container binauthz attestations list
.RE

