
.TH "GCLOUD_IOT_DEVICES_COMMANDS_SEND" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud iot devices commands send \- sends a command to a device



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud iot devices commands send\fR (\fB\-\-command\-data\fR=\fICOMMAND_DATA\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-command\-file\fR=\fICOMMAND_FILE\fR) (\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR\ \fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR) [\fB\-\-subfolder\fR=\fISUBFOLDER\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

Sends a command to a device.



.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Exactly one of these must be specified:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-command\-data\fR=\fICOMMAND_DATA\fR
The data for this command, as a string. For any values that contain special
characters (in the context of your shell), use the \f5\-\-command\-file\fR flag
instead.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-command\-file\fR=\fICOMMAND_FILE\fR
Path to a local file containing the data for this command.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m

Device resource \- The device you want to send commands to. The arguments in
this group can be used to specify the attributes of this resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: provide the argument [\-\-device] on the command
line with a fully specified name; provide the argument [\-\-project] on the
command line; set the property [core/project]. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-device\fR=\fIDEVICE\fR
ID of the device or fully qualified identifier for the device. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-region\fR=\fIREGION\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT region.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-registry\fR=\fIREGISTRY\fR
The name of the Cloud IoT registry.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-subfolder\fR=\fISUBFOLDER\fR
The commands subfolder to append to the topic path.

This field must not have more than 256 characters, and must not contain any MQTT
wildcards ("+" or "#") or null characters.


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project,
\-\-quiet, \-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$
gcloud help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudiot/v1\fR API. The full documentation for this API
can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/iot



.SH "NOTES"

These variants are also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud alpha iot devices commands send
$ gcloud beta iot devices commands send
.RE

