
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_RECOMMENDER" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha recommender \- manage Cloud recommendations and recommendation rules



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha recommender\fR \fIGROUP\fR [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Recommender allows you to retrieve recommendations for Cloud
resources, helping you to improve security, save costs, and more. Each
recommendation includes a suggested action, its justification, and its impact.
Recommendations are grouped into a per\-resource collection. To apply a
recommendation, you must use the desired service's API, not the Recommender.
Interact with and manage resources in Cloud Recommender.



.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "GROUPS"

\f5\fIGROUP\fR\fR is one of the following:

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBinsights\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage insights for Cloud recommendations.

.TP 2m
\fBrecommendations\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud resource recommendations.

.TP 2m
\fBrules\fR
\fB(ALPHA)\fR Manage Cloud resource recommendation rules.


.RE
.sp

.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you may be trying to access an API with an invitation\-only early access
whitelist. This variant is also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta recommender
.RE

