
.TH "GCLOUD_BETA_APP_SERVICES_BROWSE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud beta app services browse \- open the specified service(s) in a browser



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud beta app services browse\fR \fISERVICES\fR [\fISERVICES\fR\ ...] [\fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR] [\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR,\ \fB\-v\fR\ \fIVERSION\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(BETA)\fR Open the specified service(s) in a browser.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fISERVICES\fR [\fISERVICES\fR ...]
The services to open (optionally filtered by the \-\-version flag).


.RE
.sp

.SH "FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-launch\-browser\fR
Launch a browser if possible. When disabled, only displays the URL. Enabled by
default, use \fB\-\-no\-launch\-browser\fR to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-version\fR=\fIVERSION\fR, \fB\-v\fR \fIVERSION\fR
If specified, open services with a given version. If not specified, use a
version based on the service's traffic split .


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "EXAMPLES"

To show the url for the default service in the browser, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app services browse default
.RE

To show version \f5v1\fR of service \f5myService\fR in the browser, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app services browse myService \-\-version="v1"
.RE

To show multiple services side\-by\-side, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app services browse default otherService
.RE

To show multiple services side\-by\-side with a specific version, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud beta app services browse s1 s2 \-\-version v1
.RE



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in BETA and may change without notice. This variant is
also available:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud app services browse
.RE

