
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_SCHEDULER_JOBS_CREATE\-PUBSUB\-JOB" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha scheduler jobs create\-pubsub\-job \- create a Cloud Scheduler job with a Pub/Sub target



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha scheduler jobs create\-pubsub\-job\fR \fIJOB\fR \fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR \fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR (\fB\-\-message\-body\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR\ |\ \fB\-\-message\-body\-from\-file\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY_FROM_FILE\fR) [\fB\-\-attributes\fR=\fIATTRIBUTES\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR;\ default="Etc/UTC"] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create a Cloud Scheduler job with a Pub/Sub target.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m

Job resource \- The job to create. This represents a Cloud resource. (NOTE) Some
attributes are not given arguments in this group but can be set in other ways.
To set the [project] attribute: Set the property [core/project] or provide the
flag [\-\-project] on the command line. To set the [location] attribute: As the
location of the current project's App Engine App.. This must be specified.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIJOB\fR
The ID of the job or a fully qualified identifier for the job.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-schedule\fR=\fISCHEDULE\fR
String, English\-like description of the schedule at which the job should be
run. See
https://cloud.google.com/appengine/docs/standard/python/config/cronref#schedule_format
for details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-topic\fR=\fITOPIC\fR
The name of the Google Cloud Pub/Sub topic to publish to when the job runs.

.TP 2m

The body of the message to publish to the given topic name. Information on
message formatting and size limits can be found at:
https://cloud.google.com/pubsub/docs/publisher#publish Exactly one of these must
be specified:


.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-body\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY\fR
The body of the message.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-message\-body\-from\-file\fR=\fIMESSAGE_BODY_FROM_FILE\fR
Path to a file containing the body of the message.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-attributes\fR=\fIATTRIBUTES\fR
Comma\-separated list of attributes. Each attribute has the form "NAME=VALUE".
You can specify up to 100 attributes.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
A human\-readable description of the job.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-time\-zone\fR=\fITIME_ZONE\fR; default="Etc/UTC"
String, a time zone name from the tz database
(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tz_database).


.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-configuration,
\-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "API REFERENCE"

This command uses the \fBcloudscheduler/v1alpha1\fR API. The full documentation
for this API can be found at: https://cloud.google.com/cloud\-scheduler/



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. Usually, users
of ALPHA commands and flags need to apply for access, agree to applicable terms,
and have their projects whitelisted. Contact Google or sign up on a product's
page for ALPHA access. Product pages can be found at
https://cloud.google.com/products/.

