
.TH "GCLOUD_ALPHA_COMPUTE_MACHINE\-IMAGES_CREATE" 1



.SH "NAME"
.HP
gcloud alpha compute machine\-images create \- create Google Compute Engine machine images



.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.HP
\f5gcloud alpha compute machine\-images create\fR \fIIMAGE\fR \fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR [\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR] [\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR] [\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR] [\fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR] [\fB\-\-source\-disk\-csek\-key\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-source\-disk\-kms\-key\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]] [\fB\-\-source\-instance\-zone\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR] [\fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR] [\fB\-\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKMS_KEY\fR\ :\ \fB\-\-kms\-keyring\fR=\fIKMS_KEYRING\fR\ \fB\-\-kms\-location\fR=\fIKMS_LOCATION\fR\ \fB\-\-kms\-project\fR=\fIKMS_PROJECT\fR] [\fIGCLOUD_WIDE_FLAG\ ...\fR]



.SH "DESCRIPTION"

\fB(ALPHA)\fR Create Google Compute Engine machine images.



.SH "POSITIONAL ARGUMENTS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fIIMAGE\fR
Name of the machineImage to create.


.RE
.sp

.SH "REQUIRED FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-instance\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE\fR
The source instance to create a machine image from.


.RE
.sp

.SH "OPTIONAL FLAGS"

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-csek\-key\-file\fR=\fIFILE\fR
Path to a Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key (CSEK) key file, mapping Google
Compute Engine machine images to user managed keys to be used when creating,
mounting, or snapshotting disks.

If you pass \f5\-\fR as value of the flag the CSEK will be read from stdin. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-description\fR=\fIDESCRIPTION\fR
Specifies a textual description of the machine image.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-guest\-flush\fR
Create an application\-consistent machine image by informing the OS to prepare
for the snapshot process. Currently only supported on Windows instances using
the Volume Shadow Copy Service (VSS).

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR
Refuse to create machine images not protected by a user managed key in the key
file when \-\-csek\-key\-file is given. This behavior is enabled by default to
prevent incorrect gcloud invocations from accidentally creating machine images
with no user managed key. Disabling the check allows creation of some machine
images without a matching Customer\-Supplied Encryption Key in the supplied
\-\-csek\-key\-file. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-supplied\-encryption for
more details. Enabled by default, use \fB\-\-no\-require\-csek\-key\-create\fR
to disable.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-disk\-csek\-key\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
Customer\-supplied encryption key of the disk attached to the source instance.
Required if the source disk is protected by a customer\-supplied encryption key.
This flag may be repeated to specify multiple attached disks.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisk\fR
URL of the disk attached to the source instance. This can be a full or valid
partial URL

.TP 2m
\fBcsek\-key\-file\fR
path to customer\-supplied encryption key.
.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-disk\-kms\-key\fR=[\fIPROPERTY\fR=\fIVALUE\fR,...]
KMS encryption key of the disk attached to the source instance. Required if the
source disk is protected by a KMS encryption key. This flag may be repeated to
specify multiple attached disks.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fBdisk\fR
URL of the disk attached to the source instance. This can be a full or valid
partial URL

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-key\fR
Fully qualified Cloud KMS cryptokey name that protects the disk. This can either
be the fully qualified path or the name. The fully qualified Cloud KMS cryptokey
name format is:
\f5\fIprojects/<kms\-project>/locations/<kms\-location>/keyRings/<kms\-keyring>/
cryptoKeys/<key\-name>\fR\fR. If the value is not fully qualified then
kms\-location, kms\-keyring, and optionally kms\-project are required. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-project\fR
Project that contains the Cloud KMS cryptokey that protects the disk. If the
project is not specified then the project where the disk is being created will
be used. If this flag is set then key\-location, kms\-keyring, and kms\-key are
required. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-location\fR
Location of the Cloud KMS cryptokey to be used for protecting the disk. All
Cloud KMS cryptokeys are reside in a 'location'. To get a list of possible
locations run 'gcloud kms locations list'. If this flag is set then kms\-keyring
and kms\-key are required. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption for
more details.

.TP 2m
\fBkms\-keyring\fR
The keyring which contains the Cloud KMS cryptokey that will protect the disk.
If this flag is set then kms\-location and kms\-key are required. See
https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/disks/customer\-managed\-encryption for
more details.

.RE
.sp
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-source\-instance\-zone\fR=\fISOURCE_INSTANCE_ZONE\fR
Zone of the instance to operate on. If not specified and the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property isn't set, you may be prompted to select a
zone.

To avoid prompting when this flag is omitted, you can set the
\f5\fIcompute/zone\fR\fR property:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config set compute/zone ZONE
.RE

A list of zones can be fetched by running:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud compute zones list
.RE

To unset the property, run:

.RS 2m
$ gcloud config unset compute/zone
.RE

Alternatively, the zone can be stored in the environment variable
\f5\fICLOUDSDK_COMPUTE_ZONE\fR\fR.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-storage\-location\fR=\fILOCATION\fR
Google Cloud Storage location, either regional or multi\-regional, where machine
image's content is to be stored. If absent, a nearby regional or multi\-regional
location is chosen automatically.

.TP 2m

Key resource \- The Cloud KMS (Key Management Service) cryptokey that will be
used to protect the machine image. The arguments in this group can be used to
specify the attributes of this resource.

.RS 2m
.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-key\fR=\fIKMS_KEY\fR
ID of the key or fully qualified identifier for the key. This flag must be
specified if any of the other arguments in this group are specified.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-keyring\fR=\fIKMS_KEYRING\fR
The KMS keyring of the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-location\fR=\fIKMS_LOCATION\fR
The Cloud location for the key.

.TP 2m
\fB\-\-kms\-project\fR=\fIKMS_PROJECT\fR
The Cloud project for the key.


.RE
.RE
.sp

.SH "GCLOUD WIDE FLAGS"

These flags are available to all commands: \-\-account, \-\-billing\-project,
\-\-configuration, \-\-flags\-file, \-\-flatten, \-\-format, \-\-help,
\-\-impersonate\-service\-account, \-\-log\-http, \-\-project, \-\-quiet,
\-\-trace\-token, \-\-user\-output\-enabled, \-\-verbosity. Run \fB$ gcloud
help\fR for details.



.SH "NOTES"

This command is currently in ALPHA and may change without notice. If this
command fails with API permission errors despite specifying the right project,
you will have to apply for early access and have your projects registered on the
API whitelist to use it. To do so, contact Support at
https://cloud.google.com/support/.

